Verifying dicationary "micro-fuzz" with sentences from "corpus-fixes.batch"
Finish compare of sentence 1/1: "I am having trouble with it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "knowledge was gained of the activities"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was announced that remains have been found of the ark of the covenant"
Finish compare of sentence 2/4: "They were of a single mind."
Dictionary is missing words in: "What's up?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "An eerie silence befell the room"
Dictionary is missing words in: "an eerie calm settled down on the room"
Dictionary is missing words in: "an eerie quiet preceded the explosion."
Dictionary is missing words in: "he had an easy calmness about him"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Don't overexcite him!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Don't overextend yourself!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "This code deadlocks."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is deadlocking right here."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is deadlocking over there."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He sunburns easily."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We had the painter texture the ceiling for us."
Dictionary is missing words in: "This particular ceramic finish crazes easily."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hi, can you please friend me?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I coded up the program."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I hard-coded the answer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I always hard-code."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Do this instead of hardcoding it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Do this instead of hard-coding it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Do this instead of hard coding it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is hard coded."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I tokenized the sentence."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I like to tokenize."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is a tokenizing parser."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That is a very unenhancing blush."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I will vacuum it up"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I will vacuum it right up"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I will deep-fry it up for you."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I will frame it up for you."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I squished it down to a splat."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I slurped it up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The secretary whited it out."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was whiting it out when the call came."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yes, he tailgates often."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yes, they topple frequently."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It will unfreeze by itself."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They deice the planes regularly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They deice regularly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They oversell whenever they feel like it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They pillory whoever they want to."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He will anguish over the loss"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He will bankroll the company."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let me nuke that sandwich for you"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is going to lowball the offer"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I don't mean to disrespect you"
Dictionary is missing words in: "They protested against the outrage"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he has a habit of horning in on other people's conversations."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I hope you don't mind if I horn in."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I hope you don't mind my horning in."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He really ragged on me to do it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was ragging on me all day long."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She volunteered as a nurse."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She volunteers as a nurse."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He provided for the transport of horses."
Finish compare of sentence 3/59: "she provided for the boy"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He signalled for backup artillery"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It repeated for ten seconds"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he won't divulge what type it is"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he washed up"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he washed out"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the five seat washed out in the final sprint"
Finish compare of sentence 4/66: "he cut out"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he cut out after fifth period"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he cut class after fifth period"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he cut out when the phone rang"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he dropped out after fifth grade"
Dictionary is missing words in: "they wick the moisture through"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we deliver!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he really delivers, doesn't he?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he really smells, doesn't he?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He put forth an argument against sexism"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He puts forward an argument against sexism"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The Vatican declaration put forward an argument against sexism"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He poots forth a quarter-ounce green rosette near the summit of a dense but radiant muffin of his own design"
Finish compare of sentence 5/79: "only he can tell"
Finish compare of sentence 6/80: "he was the only one who told"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is the only one who is telling"
Dictionary is missing words in: "only an experienced eye can tell which to pick"
Dictionary is missing words in: "only an experienced eye can see which to pick"
Dictionary is missing words in: "only an experienced eye can spot which to pick"
Dictionary is missing words in: "only an experienced eye can spot which to pick and which to leave behind."
Dictionary is missing words in: "... which to pick and which to leave behind."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Off with his head!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "They're gonna off him at midnight"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he stammered that he did not mean it"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Not again, snorted Ken"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Her ? squeaked Albert."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Spies ! squealed Angelina"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Who are you ? she questioned abruptly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Joseph asked of her : Who is this ?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Joseph begged of her : Who is this ?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Joseph demanded of her : Who is this ?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He whispered of scandal"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he hinted of scandal"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he boasted of lying"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he complained of a sore ankle"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he bragged of having swum three miles"
Dictionary is missing words in: "There is a man who once said "Let's have sex""
Dictionary is missing words in: "There are men who once said "Let's have sex""
Dictionary is missing words in: "There is a woman who says "Let's have sex""
Dictionary is missing words in: "There are men who say "Let's have sex""
Dictionary is missing words in: "There are men and women who say "Let's have sex""
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sex should be between men who say "Let's have sex""
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sex should be between men who say "Okay, let's have sex""
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sex should be between men and women who say "Okay, let's have sex""
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sex should be between men or women who say "Okay, let's have sex""
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sex should be between any man or woman who says "Okay, let's have sex""
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sex should be between any men or women who say "Okay, let's have sex""
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sex should be between men and women who say `Okay, let's have sex'"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sex should be between men and women who say `Okay, let's have sex' (with each other)"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sex should be between men and women who say `Okay, let's have sex' (with each other, I mean)"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sex should be between men and women who say `Okay, let's have sex' (with each other.)"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sex should be between men and women who say `Okay, let's have sex' (with each other, I mean.)"
Finish compare of sentence 7/118: "I want to, I mean."
Finish compare of sentence 8/119: "Yes, I want to, I mean."
Finish compare of sentence 9/120: "with each other, I mean"
Finish compare of sentence 10/121: "Are there men?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Are there men who say "Let's have sex"?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Are there some men who say "Let's have sex"?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Are there men or women who say "Let's have sex"?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Are there any men or women who say "Let's have sex"?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "There are men who say "I hope to.""
Dictionary is missing words in: "There are men who say "I hope to!""
Dictionary is missing words in: "There are men and women with clothes that say "Let's have sex""
Dictionary is missing words in: "There are men and women with clothing that says "Let's have sex""
Dictionary is missing words in: "Said the King: "Off with his head!""
Dictionary is missing words in: "spoke the King: "Off with his head!""
Dictionary is missing words in: "Pronounced the King: "Off with his head!""
Dictionary is missing words in: "Uttered the knave: "Don't do that!""
Dictionary is missing words in: "Muttered the knave: "Oh no!""
Dictionary is missing words in: ""I don't like that", spoke the king."
Dictionary is missing words in: "thus spake the king: "go forth!""
Dictionary is missing words in: "and thus spoke the king: "go forth and multiply!""
Dictionary is missing words in: "and thus spoke the king: go forth and multiply!"
Finish compare of sentence 11/139: "and so spoke the king."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I beleive he suspects"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I told you that he suspects"
Dictionary is missing words in: "A ha, just as I suspected!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "yes, so I suspect"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he suspects already"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he will suspect soon"
Finish compare of sentence 12/146: "he knows already"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it helps that you know already"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it helped that you knew already"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It helped that you know already"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it helps that you have a clear idea of what you want."
Dictionary is missing words in: "it helps for you to have a clear idea of what you want."
Dictionary is missing words in: "it helps when you have a clear idea of what you want."
Dictionary is missing words in: "it helps if you have a clear idea of what you want."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate an apple."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate a little apple."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate a banana."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He has quite an imagination."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He has such an imagination."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That is more of a challenge."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He gave me an acrylic lens."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He gave me an Afghan rug"
Finish compare of sentence 13/162: "I know which book he read."
Finish compare of sentence 14/163: "I know what book he read."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mommy loves me."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mother likes her."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I am pooped."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is bigger than Dave is."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John wants more cookies than Dave wants."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was covered with bites."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Alice took a bite out of it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I very much welcome the fact that ..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He had rather hoped that his wife's views..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's to let."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's to let; there's a notice on the door."
Finish compare of sentence 15/175: "She has a room to let in her house."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The landlord is letting the office to a local company."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's sublet that room!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yes, we will sublet that room!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Preliminary contracts were let and tunneling work started."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The rooms were let."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hatem Mohamed Mersal (born 20 January 1975) is an Egyptian long jumper."
Dictionary is missing words in: "His personal best jump is 8.31 metres, achieved in June 1999 in Oslo."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He knows nothing but sin."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Even a child knows better."
Finish compare of sentence 16/185: "He should know better"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will know sooner or later."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will know, sooner or later."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Even his mother likes me"
Finish compare of sentence 17/189: "I have no idea, what that is."
Finish compare of sentence 18/190: "I have no idea what that is."
Dictionary is missing words in: "His shout had been involuntary, something anybody might have done."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The position we talked about is gone."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The keys are gone."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The popcorn is all gone."
Finish compare of sentence 19/195: "The good times are done and gone."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's now a gone desire."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He slunk over to the water-fountain."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I tended to believe that shepherds tend sheep."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I often tended, for years at a time, to believe that shepherds quietly tend sheep."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The smelter weighs 30 tonnes."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She's sharp-witted and funny."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He resigned that post."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Exxon discovers gas offshore."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The line extends 10 miles offshore."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Give it a shake."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Take the two shakes over to table five."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There was wind and rain."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It adjusts for errors"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It corrects for errors"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Which way did you come?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He wears a mustache on the sitcom."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a report on sitcoms."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I saw a report on sitcoms."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I read a report on sitcoms."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a date with Ben."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I read a report with Ben."
Finish compare of sentence 20/217: "He tried to saw the wood."
Finish compare of sentence 21/218: "He tried to saw up the wood."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We were sawing wood when it happened."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We were sawing up the wood when it happened."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It has been unbelievably poorly managed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It has been notoriously managed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It has been notoriously badly managed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The store was poorly stocked."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The play was dreadfully written."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I was able to buy the house very cheap"
Dictionary is missing words in: "There is absolutely no reason to believe American companies cannot compete overseas."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There are rumours of a tightening of credit"
Dictionary is missing words in: "There are rumours of a collapse of credit"
Dictionary is missing words in: "knowledge was gained of the activities"
Dictionary is missing words in: "knowledge was obtained of the illicit activities"
Finish compare of sentence 22/232: "He sat up suddenly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He suddenly found soup in his lap."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was, of course, his fault."
Dictionary is missing words in: "we are going to arrive almost on time"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we are going to arrive nearly on time"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we are going to arrive very nearly on time"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we are going to arrive exactly on time"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we are going to arrive about on time"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we are going to arrive just about on time"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It reduced chances that profits could equal their earlier performance"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It reduced chances that profits could affect the outcome"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It reduced the chances that profits could affect the outcome"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What are the chances that profits could affect the outcome?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What are the chances that Sherlock could catch the criminal?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What are the chances that Sherlock could really catch the criminal?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What are the chances that Sherlock could really solve a crime?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What are the chances that Sherlock could be a genius?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What are the chances that Sherlock could be high?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It reduced chances that profits could be high"
Dictionary is missing words in: "... chances that ... could be ..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "What are the chances that Sherlock caught the criminal?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What are the chances that Sherlock captured the criminal?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What are the chances that Sherlock will track him down?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "what are the chances she will drive him up to the farm?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The motor ran flat out"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She flat out said so"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It happened during the 1988 first half"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He did not perform nearly so well."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The price didn't drop nearly so fast."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The price didn't drop nearly as fast."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It went almost so well that we thought we won!"
Finish compare of sentence 23/263: "Is it ready?"
Finish compare of sentence 24/264: "Do you have it ready?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Do you have a more complex example ready?"
Finish compare of sentence 25/266: "We have quite enough work already, thank you!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "That'll be quite enough."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That is quite enough rough-housing."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That is enough rough-housing."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Enough rough-housing!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Enough!"
Finish compare of sentence 26/272: "He is good enough"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is a good enough player"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is such a little shit."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is such a little fuck."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I don't give a flying fuck."
Dictionary is missing words in: "What, were you expecting Santa?"
Finish compare of sentence 27/278: "What!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'll tell you what, you can have it for five bucks!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'll tell you what, you can shut the fuck up!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'll tell you what!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Say what?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Shut the fuck up!"
Finish compare of sentence 28/284: "what does it matter?"
Finish compare of sentence 29/285: "come what may."
Finish compare of sentence 30/286: "She gave him what for."
Finish compare of sentence 31/287: "I don't know but what."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I don't know but what I'll go."
Dictionary is missing words in: "what the fuck?"
Finish compare of sentence 32/290: "what else?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "what the fuck happened?"
Finish compare of sentence 33/292: "what else happened?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "what fucking happened?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "what in hell happened?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "what in the hell happened?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "what goddamn happened?"
Finish compare of sentence 34/297: "What for Christ sake happened?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What in Jesus happened?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What in God's name happened?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What in Lord's name is going on here?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What the bejesus happened?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "what in the hell?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "what the shit?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "what the bleep?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "where the fuck is it?"
Finish compare of sentence 35/306: "where else is it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "what the fuck did I tell you?"
Finish compare of sentence 36/308: "what else did I tell you?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "what in hell did I just say?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "what the shit were you thinking?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "who the fuck came to the party?"
Finish compare of sentence 37/312: "who else came to the party?"
Finish compare of sentence 38/313: "What exactly do you want?"
Finish compare of sentence 39/314: "What, exactly, do you want?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What precisely do you want?"
Finish compare of sentence 40/316: "Then what?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "why the hell would you say that?"
Finish compare of sentence 41/318: "how else would you say that?"
Finish compare of sentence 42/319: "how else might you say that?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "how else might you express yourself?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "how the fuck do I know?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "whyever for?"
Finish compare of sentence 43/323: "what for?"
Finish compare of sentence 44/324: "How come?"
Finish compare of sentence 45/325: "How many are there?"
Finish compare of sentence 46/326: "How many more?"
Finish compare of sentence 47/327: "How many?"
Finish compare of sentence 48/328: "How much is that?"
Finish compare of sentence 49/329: "how much?"
Finish compare of sentence 50/330: "How?"
Finish compare of sentence 51/331: "How quickly?"
Finish compare of sentence 52/332: "How big?"
Finish compare of sentence 53/333: "How small?"
Finish compare of sentence 54/334: "How high?"
Finish compare of sentence 55/335: "How big did he talk?"
Finish compare of sentence 56/336: "How big is it?"
Finish compare of sentence 57/337: "How big did you say it was?"
Finish compare of sentence 58/338: "How high did you say it was?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How tall did you say he was?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How ridiculous"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How perfectly ridiculous"
Finish compare of sentence 59/342: "How strange"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How odd!"
Finish compare of sentence 60/344: "How common did you say it was?"
Finish compare of sentence 61/345: "How common?"
Finish compare of sentence 62/346: "How often?"
Finish compare of sentence 63/347: "How often does it happen?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How shocking?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How shocking was it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How shocking did you say it was?"
Finish compare of sentence 64/351: "Who?"
Finish compare of sentence 65/352: "who else?"
Finish compare of sentence 66/353: "who else not?"
Finish compare of sentence 67/354: "When?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Which way?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Who fucking cares?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bring him and whomever else"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bring him and whomever the fuck cares"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bring him and whoever the fuck cares"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bring him and whoever you wish"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bring him and whomever you wish"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bring whoever else you care to."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bring whomever else you care to."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bring whomever else cares"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bring whoever else cares"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bring whomever you wish"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bring whoever you wish"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Use whatever the fuck pleases you."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Do whatever the fuck pleases you."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He picked up the game die."
Dictionary is missing words in: "People use espresso to make other coffee drinks."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Espresso is a coffee drink."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bill sold his children to the gypsies"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Computers suck ass"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Computers suck dick"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I found a subgraph isomorphism that is isometric to the epimorphism."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I installed one splitter near the antenna and two more before the amplifier."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I installed one splitter near the antenna and two more splitters before the amplifier."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I did not understand one smidgin of that lecture. Not one whit."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Not one tittle. Not one whit."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'm getting a bad vibe from this."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I will give you a piece of armament."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I will give you a piece of bagel."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I will give you a bit of courtesy."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Give me a piece of almond."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Give me a bit of anaesthetic."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Give me a piece of apple."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He broke off a piece of bagel and gave it to me."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A piece of asteroid broke off."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Add one spoonful of avocado."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate a bit of biscuit."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She exposed a bit of bikini to us."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A piece of cactus went sailing through the air."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There were three cacti in front of us."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Add a cup of finely shredded carrot."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A length of chain was wrapped around the tree."
Finish compare of sentence 68/397: "He left town early next morning."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I gave her a check for deposit."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He moved towards the lift"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We went on a shoot"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he eats shoots"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he eats shoots and leaves"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he eats, shoots and leaves"
Finish compare of sentence 69/404: "I got to first base"
Finish compare of sentence 70/405: "I got to first base with her."
Dictionary is missing words in: "she won first prize"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Her solo flight across the Atlantic was a remarkable first."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They were responsible for several engineering firsts."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That script is missing several server-side includes."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The unlinks are detected by the Khovanov homology over Z."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The inlining of that subroutine blows up the object."
Dictionary is missing words in: "equivariant cohomology is a cohomology theory from algebraic topology."
Dictionary is missing words in: "have some salad greens"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He escaped from his confines"
Dictionary is missing words in: "They were both in their fifties"
Dictionary is missing words in: "They were both in their early teens"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just use the wash basin"
Dictionary is missing words in: "There was a bucket of liquid in the middle of the room"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Vitamin D has a crucial role for bone metabolism."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Dry eye syndrome is a common irritating eye disease."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Immune system function declines with age."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Cognitive function was genetically related to pulmonary function."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Aerobic exercise has been suggested to ameliorate aging-related decline in humans."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The pathogenesis of aging-associated structural changes is not completely understood."
Dictionary is missing words in: "AKT inhibition either by chemical inhibitors or small interfering RNAs induced telomere dysfunction."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Late-onset hypogonadism is a relatively common condition affecting the aging male."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Cardiovascular disease risk factors may be important correlates of age-related auditory dysfunction."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Endothelial dysfunction in essential hypertension is an independent predictor for future cardiovascular events."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Kentaro Hori, et al. wrote the book "Mirror Symmetry"."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I saw the deputy head re the incident"
Dictionary is missing words in: "re: your letter, I am unclear as to its intent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The church filed an in rem petition with the court"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The expected in personam judgment was handed down"
Dictionary is missing words in: "In re Gault was one of the most important cases"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the court held that the Arizona Juvenile Code impliedly includes the requirements of due process"
Finish compare of sentence 71/436: "a majority agree"
Finish compare of sentence 72/437: "a number agree"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it's a kind of test"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it's a silly kind of test"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it's an unusual kind of test"
Dictionary is missing words in: "This is a crucial test."
Dictionary is missing words in: "it's a sort of test"
Dictionary is missing words in: "there's an argument brewing"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he gave me an excuse"
Dictionary is missing words in: "That is an issue"
Finish compare of sentence 73/446: "There is a way"
Finish compare of sentence 74/447: "There is a place"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'll hire whomever I can find."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'll hire whomever."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'll hire whoever."
Dictionary is missing words in: "My name is Gilles de la Tourette."
Finish compare of sentence 75/452: "I live in New York City."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I work for the First National Bank."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I live near the San Gabriel River."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I was born in the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I was born in the Soviet Union."
Dictionary is missing words in: "My insurance carrier is United Healthcare."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We took the ferry to Block Island."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The man from Federated Conglomerates is here."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I work for the Great Southern and Western Railroad."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Central Texas is hot."
Dictionary is missing words in: "North Sea crude was up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Korea First Advertising Co. stock is up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Quantum shares were up in trading."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The Orange Democratic Movement called for a new election."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It lies in the western Pacific Ocean."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is in the Gulf Territory"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I live near the Orkney Islands"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is the man from Syndicated Features"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He represents the Undersea Exploration Company"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He represents the Equatorial Antarctic Bank"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The J. P. Morgan company is associated with it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "O. Cordius Candidus at Dover provided for the transport of horses."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Finn pushed at the door."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The late Mr. Tom will be sorely missed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Frank felt vindicated when his long time friend Bill revealed that he was the winner of the competition."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sue answered the door."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Could we add some tom-tom to that track?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Johns gave it to me."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hotchkiss gave it to me."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It dates back to fifteenth century France."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We extracted human umbilical vein endothelial cells."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We extracted smooth muscle myosin heavy chain protein."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We extracted peripheral blood mononuclear cells."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is located on the nuclear envelope inner membrane."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We extracted simian virus large T-antigen."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We collected HTLV-I infected T-cells."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We looked for 3-Amino-3-azabicyclo[3.3.0]octane hydrochloride"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We looked for 3-amino-3-azabicyclo[3,3,0]octane hydrochloride"
Dictionary is missing words in: "They are a three times defeated team."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I like the sound of bop."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was the co-star."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Who did you give the slavers?"
Finish compare of sentence 76/494: "They are like family to us."
Finish compare of sentence 77/495: "He is like family to us."
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is at an equilibrium"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is in equilibrium"
Dictionary is missing words in: "There was an abundance of poverty."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There was a continuity of action."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There was a certain crudity to his actions."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It showed a certain abundance."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He had a certain panache."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He sank into a delirium."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was a detriment to further action."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He demonstrated a certain ignorance."
Finish compare of sentence 78/506: "We were unable to find a common ground."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He took the effort to make amends"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He had the imprudence to laugh"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He has the impunity to do as he pleases"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He has the balls to do as he pleases"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He had the honesty to come clean"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He has the panache to pull it off"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The solution had the acidity to eat through walls"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He wrote for Playboy magazine."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I know how to play guitar."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The violence has thrown the country into crisis."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The violence has created a crisis."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He took the effort to make amends"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The process uses abrB transcription as an indicator of Spo0A~P level"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The platform was at knee level."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That bitch did it!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a PhD"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have an MBA"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have an MFA"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a MA"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have much furniture."
Finish compare of sentence 79/527: "I have a lot of time"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have some number of cookies"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a passel load of cookies"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a passel of senators in my pocket"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a flock of sheep"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a pride of lions"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a gaggle of geese"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a skein of wool"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a vast expanse of land"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a large flock of sheep"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a lot of pride"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a handful of money"
Finish compare of sentence 80/539: "I have a quantity of money"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have quantities of money"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have bags of money"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a whole slew of it"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have gobs of it"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have jillions of dollars"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have zillions of dollars"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have tens of billions of dollars"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a couple of cookies."
Finish compare of sentence 81/548: "I have a couple of them."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate a couple of the cookies."
Finish compare of sentence 82/550: "I have a few of them."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate a few of the cookies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate a few of these cookies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate a few too many."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate a few."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate very few of the cookies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate pretty few of the cookies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate some of the cookies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate some of these cookies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate some of this cake."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate some of them."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate some."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate just some of the cookies"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate just some"
Finish compare of sentence 83/564: "I see him some of the time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate a little of the cookies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate little of the fish."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank a little of beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank a little bit of beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank a bit of beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank a great deal of beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank a great deal."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have most of the cookies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate most of them"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have the most of the cookies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have the most of all the cookies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have the most of all of the cookies."
Finish compare of sentence 84/577: "I have the most of all of them"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank the most of the beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank most of the beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank part of the beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank a part of the beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank a part of this beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank a small part of the beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate a part of the cake."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate a part of the cookie."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank all of the beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate all of the cookies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate all of these cookies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate all these cookies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate all of this cake."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate all this cake."
Dictionary is missing words in: "All the cookies!"
Finish compare of sentence 85/593: "All the people!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "All the people deserve a tax-cut!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "None of them do!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I made all these corrections to the dictionary."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank none of the beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank none of this beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate none of the cookies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate none of that."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank the rest of the beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank plenty of beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank plenty of the beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I made plenty of fixes to the dictionary."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank another of the beers."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank each of the beers."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank more of the beer"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank much more of the beer"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank many more of the beers"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank a couple more of the beers"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank plenty more of the beer"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank some more of the beer"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank many of the beers"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank much of the beer"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate not many of the cookies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank not many of the beers"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank not many"
Dictionary is missing words in: "not many of the cookies were edible"
Dictionary is missing words in: "not many of them could be saved"
Dictionary is missing words in: "many of them could be saved"
Dictionary is missing words in: "many of them were saved"
Dictionary is missing words in: "much of the beer could be saved"
Dictionary is missing words in: "not much of the beer could be saved"
Dictionary is missing words in: "much of it could be saved"
Dictionary is missing words in: "not much of it could be saved"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank not much of the beer"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank not much"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank not much of it"
Finish compare of sentence 86/629: "not much of what he said was true"
Dictionary is missing words in: "not all of the beer could be saved"
Dictionary is missing words in: "not all of the beer was saved"
Dictionary is missing words in: "not all of the trees were saved"
Dictionary is missing words in: "not all of it was saved"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate not all of the cookies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "not one of them could be saved"
Dictionary is missing words in: "not one of them were saved"
Dictionary is missing words in: "not one of them was saved"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ate not one of the cookies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank enough of the beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I drank enough of it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "not enough of the detergent got in there."
Dictionary is missing words in: "there was enough of the beer"
Dictionary is missing words in: "there was enough of the beer and sandwiches"
Finish compare of sentence 87/644: "there was enough of it"
Finish compare of sentence 88/645: "there was not enough of it"
Finish compare of sentence 89/646: "not enough of this was used"
Dictionary is missing words in: "they have plenty of this"
Dictionary is missing words in: "they have pleny of that"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Drink a pint of this beer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I've had enough of this farce."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I gave him a number of the cookies"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I gave him a number of cookies"
Finish compare of sentence 90/653: "I gave him a number of these"
Finish compare of sentence 91/654: "I gave him a number of those"
Finish compare of sentence 92/655: "a number of these were found"
Finish compare of sentence 93/656: "a number of those were found"
Finish compare of sentence 94/657: "a number of them were found"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He has wads of cash"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He commands several companies of men"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is prone to flights of fancy"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have untold numbers of cookies"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have an immeasurable number of cookies"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a majority of the voters"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a number of pennies and dimes"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a quart of milk"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have two quarts of milk"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I've drunk several cups of coffee"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I put two kilograms of explosives in the box"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I put two kilograms of TNT in the box"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I put two kilograms of Fugnuts in the box"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I put two kilograms of tri-nitro toluene in the box"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I put two kilograms of gonzo in the box"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I put seventy two kilograms of Mr. Goody Two-Shoes in the grave"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I put an insane amount of effort into this project"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have oodles of talent."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a kind of talent."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a type of talent."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a sort of talent."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have a breed of goats."
Dictionary is missing words in: "she sort of hangs from his neck"
Dictionary is missing words in: "they've a habit of coming up smelling of roses."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Copelatus stavropolitanus is a species of diving beetle."
Finish compare of sentence 95/683: "What degree of trust do you put in him?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "A number of people took part in the riot."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A pride of lions lounged in the shade."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A number of recommendations were made."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A number of reasons were given."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Several kinds of reasons were given."
Finish compare of sentence 96/689: "A number of questions were asked."
Finish compare of sentence 97/690: "A number of different ways were considered"
Dictionary is missing words in: "A number of ideas were considered"
Dictionary is missing words in: "A number of hypotheses were tested."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A number of recommendations and suggestions were made."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They made a number of recommendations and suggestions."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There was a great degree of haste in the proceedings."
Dictionary is missing words in: "plenty of others thought so too"
Dictionary is missing words in: "all the world's ablaze"
Dictionary is missing words in: "all of the world is ablaze"
Dictionary is missing words in: "all the world knows it's false"
Finish compare of sentence 98/700: "What have I done?"
Finish compare of sentence 99/701: "What will I do?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "From where did it come?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "From where had it risen?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "From whom did you run?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "From whence was it bidden?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "whither did it come?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "From whither did it come?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "From where did you get it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "About where did you put it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "About where did you find it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "For who were you mistaken?"
Finish compare of sentence 100/712: "Do you not wish to know?"
Dictionary is missing words in: ""Do you not want to know who has taken it?" cried his wife impatiently."
Dictionary is missing words in: "far out in the sea lived a fish."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A fish lived far out in the sea."
Dictionary is missing words in: "coming to the party are a horse and two chickens"
Finish compare of sentence 101/717: "under the tree sat Jim"
Dictionary is missing words in: "under the tree sits Jim, looking lonely"
Finish compare of sentence 102/719: "beside the river sat Jim"
Finish compare of sentence 103/720: "beside the river ran Jim"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Along the riverbank lay some smooth stones."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Along the riverbank grew some flowers."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Along the riverbank grow some flowers."
Dictionary is missing words in: "for along the riverbank grow some flowers."
Dictionary is missing words in: "yet along the riverbank grow some flowers."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Beside Sally ran Jim"
Dictionary is missing words in: "And so stays the situation."
Dictionary is missing words in: "And so stayed the situation."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Here lies the ball."
Finish compare of sentence 104/730: "There lay the ball."
Dictionary is missing words in: "And so there lay the matter, until Jill decided to challenge him."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Beneath, there lay in mobile contiguity the essential elements of living matter."
Dictionary is missing words in: "No matter what the motive was, there the money lay"
Dictionary is missing words in: "There lay the reason for the groans."
Dictionary is missing words in: "In the corner lay a lamp."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Under that tree sleeps only Larry."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Above him hung a map"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Below him was a rod, somewhere below the lower extent of his field of vision."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Below him was a rod, almost below the lower extent of his field of vision."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Below him was a rod, nearly below his field of vision."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Below him was a rod, just below his field of vision."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Below him was a rod, nearly out of sight"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Below him was a rod, very nearly out of sight"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What a shame that was"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What a fiasco that was"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What a shame!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Oh, what a shame!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What a fiasco!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What a great day today!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What a nice night, tonight"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What a great day was today!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What a great day yesterday was!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What a great day tomorrow will be!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What a great day Monday will be!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What a great day Monday morning will be!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What a great month July will be!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What a great month was July!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What a great day is in store!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What a lousy example sentence!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What a cad!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What an idiot!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What a jerk!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Into the room came two students"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Down the stairs came the dog"
Dictionary is missing words in: "At last the infantry were ready, and off went the cavalry to the right"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Onward went the cavalry, spurred to extraordinary exertion by the fact that provisions began to run short."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A good gift is flowers"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Into the room came two students."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Out of the tree fell the squirrel."
Dictionary is missing words in: "After the speeches came the toasts"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Before the storm came an eerie quiet"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Before the storm came an eerie calm"
Finish compare of sentence 105/773: "It was too difficult a question."
Finish compare of sentence 106/774: "It was too long a journey."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Cheaper than dirt, slime is greener"
Dictionary is missing words in: "harder than diamond, slime is greener"
Dictionary is missing words in: "radically cheaper than regular steel, Flash Bainite is stronger than titanium"
Dictionary is missing words in: "radically cheaper to produce than regular steel, Flash Bainite is stronger than titanium"
Finish compare of sentence 107/779: "under the tree"
Finish compare of sentence 108/780: "within the room"
Finish compare of sentence 109/781: "over the wall"
Finish compare of sentence 110/782: "just over the wall"
Finish compare of sentence 111/783: "towards the door"
Finish compare of sentence 112/784: "against the tree"
Dictionary is missing words in: "between the goal posts"
Dictionary is missing words in: "among the lilies"
Finish compare of sentence 113/787: "into the wild"
Finish compare of sentence 114/788: "from down below"
Finish compare of sentence 115/789: "just from down below"
Finish compare of sentence 116/790: "just through the door"
Finish compare of sentence 117/791: "just past the door"
Finish compare of sentence 118/792: "just around the corner"
Finish compare of sentence 119/793: "along the path"
Finish compare of sentence 120/794: "up the tree"
Dictionary is missing words in: "by the creek"
Finish compare of sentence 121/796: "in the room"
Finish compare of sentence 122/797: "on the table"
Finish compare of sentence 123/798: "to the left"
Dictionary is missing words in: "beside the lamp"
Dictionary is missing words in: "next to the lamp"
Finish compare of sentence 124/801: "off to the side"
Dictionary is missing words in: "just upstairs"
Finish compare of sentence 125/803: "all around the place"
Dictionary is missing words in: "somewhere near the shed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "nowhere near there."
Dictionary is missing words in: "nowhere near the sofa."
Dictionary is missing words in: "somewhere outside"
Finish compare of sentence 126/808: "over here"
Finish compare of sentence 127/809: "just out of town"
Dictionary is missing words in: "just offshore"
Finish compare of sentence 128/811: "away"
Dictionary is missing words in: "abroad"
Finish compare of sentence 129/813: "just over the wall, under the tree"
Finish compare of sentence 130/814: "on the table, to the left"
Finish compare of sentence 131/815: "on the table, just to the left"
Dictionary is missing words in: "on the table, just to the left of the lamp"
Dictionary is missing words in: "on the table and just to the left of the lamp."
Dictionary is missing words in: "on the table, just to the left of the lamp, just over there."
Dictionary is missing words in: "on the floor, maybe under the bed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "on the floor or maybe under the bed"
Dictionary is missing words in: ""Under the bed", she replied."
Dictionary is missing words in: ""On the floor, maybe under the bed", she replied."
Dictionary is missing words in: ""In the hallway", she murmured."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She yelled out, "in the shower!""
Dictionary is missing words in: "with the hammer"
Finish compare of sentence 132/826: "for the children"
Finish compare of sentence 133/827: "for the greater good"
Finish compare of sentence 134/828: "just about now"
Dictionary is missing words in: "during the opera"
Finish compare of sentence 135/830: "after the show"
Dictionary is missing words in: "just before the explosion"
Finish compare of sentence 136/832: "since the beginning"
Dictionary is missing words in: "ever since the election"
Dictionary is missing words in: "rarely since the election"
Dictionary is missing words in: "while in transit"
Dictionary is missing words in: "while talking to Bob"
Dictionary is missing words in: "until the bitter end"
Dictionary is missing words in: "as soon as tomorrow"
Finish compare of sentence 137/839: "just as soon as possible"
Finish compare of sentence 138/840: "just like the other one"
Finish compare of sentence 139/841: "a lot like the other one"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is allied with the Reds."
Dictionary is missing words in: "As guessed, he was lying."
Dictionary is missing words in: "As I guessed, he was lying."
Dictionary is missing words in: "As I reckon, it won't happen here."
Dictionary is missing words in: "As I sensed, it was all a lie."
Finish compare of sentence 140/847: "As I said, it was all a lie."
Dictionary is missing words in: "As I verified, the switch was off."
Dictionary is missing words in: "As I trust, it's all over now?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's all over, I trust?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sure enough, there it was, as I had sensed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sure enough, there it was, as I had guessed."
Finish compare of sentence 141/853: "There it was, just as I had said."
Finish compare of sentence 142/854: "then last week, I changed my mind"
Dictionary is missing words in: "O that he had sprained his ankle in the first place!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "As mentioned before, we are creating a business service."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have not been accustomed to such language as this"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have not an instant to lose."
Finish compare of sentence 143/859: "I had not believed it possible."
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is not so handsome as Wickham"
Finish compare of sentence 144/861: "he certainly has not known her long."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You are not going to be missish, I hope."
Finish compare of sentence 145/863: "He forced it up the stairs."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He willed it up the stairs."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He jammed it down his throat."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He jammed it up into a corner."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He upped the bid."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We are planning to up the bid."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Ante up!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Water and oil don't mix."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The computer doesn't boot."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The computer doesn't boot up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Canvas is for painting on."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Use a piece of paper to write upon."
Finish compare of sentence 146/875: "A piece of paper can be used to write upon."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Once he goes, we can clean up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He really cleaned up!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I watched the bomb blow up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We pushed the button, then it blew up"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He shined up to the boss"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Start shining the night sky, you light up like a solar flare"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Alice is bugging out."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Alice is bugging me."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The judge stayed the prisoner's execution"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Michael stayed his anger"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I stayed the week with my parents"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We stayed the duration of the game."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mere rain will not stay the mailman."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That dog will bite!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He resolved on a course of action"
Finish compare of sentence 147/891: "He decided on a course of action"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we drank"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we drank up"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we drank up all the milk"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Drink up!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he has drunk all of the ale."
Dictionary is missing words in: "he has drunk all the ale."
Dictionary is missing words in: "he has eaten all the chocolate."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He OK'd the orders."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He OK'ed the orders."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It gelled up into a nice pudding."
Dictionary is missing words in: "As we set sail, a full gell blew up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He ad-libbed the speech."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I hydroplaned the car."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ambled the horse."
Dictionary is missing words in: "it rained cats and dogs"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is raining cats and dogs"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He poured me a glass of champagne."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He sang me a song."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He sung me a song."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He had sung a song."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He will sing you good night."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was singing me a song."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She sang soprano for the Philharmonic."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Oscar Peterson played piano and wrote music."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He wrote for piano and flute."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He plays marimba and a lot of cowbell on that track."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I teach"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I taught those kids"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I taught them"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I taught them to sing"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I taught them how to sing"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I teach them every day."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I stared him down."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We shouted him down"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We shouted him down off the stage."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He pushed him down."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He shouted out."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He shouted out in pain."
Finish compare of sentence 148/930: "He cried out."
Finish compare of sentence 149/931: "He cried out in pain."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was shouted off the stage."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They yelled and booed him off."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She stalked off."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She stalked off in a huff."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She stalked him all day."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She stalked him day and night."
Finish compare of sentence 150/938: "She looked him over."
Finish compare of sentence 151/939: "She carefully looked him over when he got back to London."
Finish compare of sentence 152/940: "She carefully looked him over in London."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She sounded him out."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She sounded him out when he got back to London."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'll look her straight in the eye"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'll look Joan straight in the eye"
Finish compare of sentence 153/945: "He drew me a picture."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She bore me a child."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She bore me."
Finish compare of sentence 154/948: "I dare you."
Finish compare of sentence 155/949: "I dare you to!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She dared me."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She dared me to jump."
Finish compare of sentence 156/952: "She had written him off."
Finish compare of sentence 157/953: "She had told him off."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He will draw you a check later today."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He wired me the money yesterday."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He telegraphed me the go-ahead."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She waved me off."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The policeman waved me on."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We danced 'til dawn."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We danced the samba 'til dawn."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They danced the whole night through"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We danced the night away."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They danced up a storm."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She danced me a little dance."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They danced away on a cloud."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They danced off on a cloud."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We danced it up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "no one dared say a word"
Finish compare of sentence 158/969: "try it if you want"
Finish compare of sentence 159/970: "try it if you want to"
Finish compare of sentence 160/971: "try it if you dare"
Finish compare of sentence 161/972: "try it if you dare to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "John dared him to jump"
Dictionary is missing words in: "don't dare blame anyone else"
Dictionary is missing words in: "don't you dare blame anyone else"
Dictionary is missing words in: "So don't dare blame anyone else"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Don't you dare stop me, you common little man!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sue dared the anger of her family"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How dare you disobey orders"
Finish compare of sentence 162/980: "I dare not to say the truth"
Finish compare of sentence 163/981: "He dare not lie to me!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She wished me good luck"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She wished me goodnight"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She wishes you well."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She wished me a happy birthday."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She shouted him goodnight."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She waved me goodbye."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She waved me good bye."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She waved me over"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Who did you wave to?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The girl I waved at was blonde"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The girl I waved over was the blonde"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She kissed him goodnight."
Dictionary is missing words in: "what are the chances she will kiss him goodnight?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "what are the chances that she will kiss him goodnight?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "what are the chances that she will drive him crazy?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "what are the chances that she will really drive him crazy?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He bid me hello"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He bid me goodnight"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He bid me farewell."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He bid me welcome."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He bid me adieu."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He bade them depart."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Today, I will bid goodbye to my friends."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yesterday, I bade goodbye to my friends."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He bade the messenger kneel by his bed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "she bade him sit down"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She gave to the Democrats"
Finish compare of sentence 164/1009: "I already gave at the office."
Finish compare of sentence 165/1010: "Thank you, no, I already gave."
Finish compare of sentence 166/1011: "She gave in to him"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Don't give in to his rants and ravings"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What are the chances you'll give her a kiss?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "she baked him a pie"
Dictionary is missing words in: "she corralled him a horse"
Dictionary is missing words in: "she roped him a mare"
Dictionary is missing words in: "she decanted him a glass"
Dictionary is missing words in: "she sliced him some bread"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She gave him some sliced bread"
Dictionary is missing words in: "she buttered him some toast"
Dictionary is missing words in: "she buttered him up"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Would you like some buttered bread?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he inked her a letter"
Finish compare of sentence 167/1024: "he wrote her that he loved her"
Dictionary is missing words in: "she dismissed him out of hand"
Dictionary is missing words in: "she crowned him king"
Dictionary is missing words in: "she proclaimed him king"
Dictionary is missing words in: "she proclaimed him a liar and a thief"
Finish compare of sentence 168/1029: "he was made king"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he was made knight by the crown"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he was made a crown by the dentist"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he was made a suit by the tailor"
Finish compare of sentence 169/1033: "We will have to sit it out"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The waitress sat us down at the table"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The coach sat me out for the inning."
Finish compare of sentence 170/1036: "She is going to stand you up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He grabbed at it"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He dished it out at the unsuspecting onlookers."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ladled it carefully into a bowl."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You should ladle it out."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He ladles it with a large wooden spoon."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was ladling the molten steel when the crucible tipped."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He ladled the molten hot metal into the mold."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was molten hot."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was piping hot."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was devilishly hot."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Similar legislation is passing state-wide"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The party is happening afterwards."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is happening world-wide"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is happening everywhere"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is happening state-wide"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is happening the world over"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will party until dawn."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will party hardy until dawn."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will party on 'til dawn."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's party!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We boozed the night away."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We boozed it up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will booze it up until dawn!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We clowned the night away."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We dozed 'til noon."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John imagines himself lost in the woods."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John imagines himself singing from a mountaintop"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I imagined myself dozing on a sunny beach"
Dictionary is missing words in: "John imagined Mary as innocent as a lamb."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Arkansas  has become a favorite place for older people to retire."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Global Trotter, a favorite, seems unlikely to place."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I shall retain every least word"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He likes you best."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He bores you most."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He bores you the most."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He likes you least."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He likes you plenty."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mr. Bingley may like you the best of the party."
Finish compare of sentence 171/1075: "He may like you best of all."
Finish compare of sentence 172/1076: "He may like you the best of all."
Finish compare of sentence 173/1077: "He may like you least of all."
Finish compare of sentence 174/1078: "He may like you the least of all."
Finish compare of sentence 175/1079: "He may like you most of all."
Finish compare of sentence 176/1080: "He may like you the most of all."
Finish compare of sentence 177/1081: "You, least of all, should know."
Finish compare of sentence 178/1082: "You, most of all, should know."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You, out of everyone, should know."
Finish compare of sentence 179/1084: "You, at least, should know."
Dictionary is missing words in: "we should at least feed the goats in the petting area"
Dictionary is missing words in: "This is the man who, in some ways, I would like to hire"
Dictionary is missing words in: "This has become a very politicized deal."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You need to provide an ordered list."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The given reference is incorrect."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The provided reference is incorrect."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The allied army is on the move."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The adjusted balance is incorrect."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The poured concrete slowly hardened."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The wired connection has gone bad."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The telegraphed orders never arrived."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Do you have any ruled paper?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I gave him some ruled paper."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was delivered broken"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was delivered very broken"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it was posted unstamped"
Finish compare of sentence 180/1101: "it arrived broken"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it arrived utterly smashed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it arrived crushed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it emerged untarnished"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it washed up unbroken"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he finished, beaten"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it emerged untarnished"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he left unseen"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he left unwashed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he left, unwanted"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he entered unwashed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he looked up, unshaven"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it looked unwanted and abused"
Finish compare of sentence 181/1114: "it looked broken"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he posed undressed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he was posed, undressed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "she was posed reclining"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he paced, worried"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he tailgated, angry"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He imagined hitting the ball."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She imagined photographing the couple."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He feared hitting the wall."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I emphasize hitting your targets in my lectures."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He confirmed missing his targets"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He regretted firing the man."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I regret really smashing it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He disputed punching the man."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I recollect raising the bar for that team."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I envision building a very tall building."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He tried stopping the man."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I enjoy running the show."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He conceded pushing the button was a mistake."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We concluded trusting him was a mistake."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We concluded that trusting him was a mistake."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The dog came running at the master's call."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The dog comes running when he's called."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The ball came flying at his head."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's a polishing of prose."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is a thinning of the herd"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The event features a running of the bulls"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The constant plotting annoyed Jim"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The constant professing of love annoyed Jim"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The house now sits vacant"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The house now stands vacant"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The house now sits empty"
Finish compare of sentence 182/1146: "The dog sat very still"
Finish compare of sentence 183/1147: "The dog sat up."
Finish compare of sentence 184/1148: "The dog stood still."
Finish compare of sentence 185/1149: "The dog looked tired."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Stay a little while."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Stay a while."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was presumed innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was presumed innocent of the crime"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was made aware of the crime"
Finish compare of sentence 186/1155: "He was declared dead"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was declared dead after a cursory examination."
Dictionary is missing words in: "he was declared dead of suffocation."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was judged innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we judged him as innocent as a lamb"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was judged innocent of the crime"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it can be pressed into shape while cold"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I gave it an up vote."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Give it a down vote."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Give it a down-vote."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The thought was turning him green with envy."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The cancer treatment was turning John bald."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The cancer treatment was making John bald."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The treatment turned him bald in an instant."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Who did you turn envious today?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The witch turned him green."
Finish compare of sentence 187/1171: "The doctor declared him dead on arrival."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The doctor declared him insane."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The doctor made him insane."
Dictionary is missing words in: "After that failure, we feared him untrainable."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We presumed him innocent, for now."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We suspect him incompetent in such matters."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The loud music drove him insane."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You are driving me crazy."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You are making me crazy."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The thugs beat him senseless."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The cold froze the mud solid."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was slain dead by the arrows."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John made himself familiar with the drawings"
Dictionary is missing words in: "John made himself acquainted with the drawings"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The dog went unchained"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The dog ran unfettered"
Dictionary is missing words in: "His heart beat unfettered"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The truck ran uncontrolled"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The motor runs uncontrolled"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The motor is running uncontrolled now"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The truck went uncontrolled"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The reactor went uncontrolled"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The statement went unchallenged."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The champ rules victorious"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The champ reigns victorious"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The champ reigns undefeated"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The champ remains undefeated"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The bomb remained unexploded"
Dictionary is missing words in: "His spirit seems undefeated"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The team went undefeated"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The team still goes undefeated"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The team stays undefeated"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We shall go undefeated!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will go undefeated!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The vase landed unbroken"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The vase landed, unbroken"
Dictionary is missing words in: "They continued undaunted"
Dictionary is missing words in: "They continued, undaunted"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He ad-libbed, uninterrupted."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He came unarmed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He came unprotected"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He came unprepared"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He came unhinged"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He became unhinged"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he went unarmed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he left unarmed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he left unnoticed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he walked in unnoticed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he walked in unchallenged"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he really walked in unnoticed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he really walked in utterly unnoticed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was struck hard by the baseball"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was struck dumb"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was struck dumb by these words."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was driven crazy by the sound"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was being driven crazy by the neighbors"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was painted green"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was rusted closed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was rusted tight"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was rusted shut"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was really rusted shut"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary is too angry to talk to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary is too abrasive to talk to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary is too abrupt to talk to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary is too abrasive and abrupt to talk to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary is too abstruse to talk to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary is too abstract to talk to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary is too crazy to talk to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary is too depressing to talk to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary is too silly to talk to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary is too scary to talk to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary is too boring to talk to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary is too boring and depressing to talk to"
Finish compare of sentence 188/1244: "He is too hard to talk to"
Finish compare of sentence 189/1245: "It is too far to walk to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is too far to hike to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Arizona is too hot to move to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The show is too expensive to go to."
Finish compare of sentence 190/1249: "It was too far to come back from."
Finish compare of sentence 191/1250: "He was too far gone to come back from such a loss"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the inflammation is too acute to suppress"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is too adventuresome to allow on this project"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The material is too advanced to present in this talk"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary is too smart to con"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is too easy to make fun of"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is too pathetic to make fun of"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is too pathetic to make fun of"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is too obnoxious to complain to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just paint it white"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just paint it all white"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just color it black"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Please paint it pale yellow"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Paint the car bright green."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The house is painted all white"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The house was painted pale yellow"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The house was painted a fading yellow"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The house was painted a faded yellow"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The house was painted burnt umber"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The house was painted yellow lime"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The house is painted a sublime shade of yellow"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Blue is the new black."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Her shoes were marine grey"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Her shoes were a marine grey"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It looked to be bluish in color"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She prefers red."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She prefers fire-engine red"
Dictionary is missing words in: "some areas appear bright red."
Dictionary is missing words in: "some areas look bright red."
Dictionary is missing words in: "William is described as smooth, yet reserved"
Dictionary is missing words in: "William is described as smooth, yet thoughtful and reserved"
Dictionary is missing words in: "William is described as smooth and yet thoughtful"
Dictionary is missing words in: "William is described as smooth and obliging, yet reserved and resolved"
Dictionary is missing words in: "William Petre is described as smooth and obliging in manner, yet reserved and resolved, and not given to many words."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is flighty and given to fanciful thoughts."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is thoughtful and not given to many words."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is thoughtful, and not given to many words."
Finish compare of sentence 192/1287: "He was caught up in his work"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was caught up completely in his work"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was struck by the bus"
Finish compare of sentence 193/1290: "He was struck by these words"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Was the man drunk or crazy or both?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He emerged, spirit unbroken"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was set free, spirit unbroken."
Finish compare of sentence 194/1294: "He laughed, at last set free"
Finish compare of sentence 195/1295: "He cried, heart heavy"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He cried, his heart heavy with sadness"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He winced, pain shooting up his arm"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He reddened, angered by their words"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He reddened, embarrassed by their words"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He shuffled, sad in his heart"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He shuffled, aching limbs hanging heavy"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He sneezed, eyes red and itchy"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He nodded, eyelids drooping with sleep"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He coughed, clearing his throat"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He stumbled unseeing through the darkness"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He stumbled, eyes blinded by the sudden light"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He stumbled, blinded by the sudden light"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He halted, unable to continue"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He stopped, unable to continue"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is going to act out until he gets what he wants."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Call me if it acts up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The motor was acting up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is acting out."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is acting out his fantasies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She beckoned to him."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She beckoned him over."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was beckoning in that dress."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He pulled himself upright."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He uprighted the fallen vase."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It flexed once or twice in her hand."
Dictionary is missing words in: "she stretches up on tiptoe to reach him"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The economy weakened as prices spiraled up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Shares slid $2.66 in Big Board trading."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Issues tumbled 4.2% last week."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It began in Germany."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It begins here."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It begins now."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It has begun in Cincinatti; it won't be long now."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It really began in Chicago in the spring."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It really began in Chicago last spring."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Do you have a screwdriver handy?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "A bucket of chum sat near the tackle box."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was a sad bit of commentary to read."
Dictionary is missing words in: "His works disclose a mastery of composition."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There's a lot of cowbell in that song."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There is a bit of cowboy in him."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There's a bit of creep in the mission statement."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He had to eat a bit of crow."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A length of cutlass gleamed in the sunlight."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I had a bite of donut before going out."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He had a bit of egg on his face."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was as frail as eggshell."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The ice was green as emerald."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He ruled by fiat."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We saw a school of flounder in front of us."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There was a bit of gaudiness to the show."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He had a bit of gumshoe in his cleverness."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There was a lot of gyration in the Senator's words."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I asked for half-a-pound of hamburger."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There was a tone of harlot in her voice."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There was a pretense of hero in his swagger."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He ladled out a bowl of homily in his sermon."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We played a game of hoop."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The truck carried 2 tons of nitrate."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He nibbled on oatcake."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Miles of ocean lay before him."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was painted in drab olive and oat."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We ate omelet for lunch."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He suddenly found pancake in his lap."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A pinch of parsnip finished the recipe."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We ate pat on crackers."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was made of pearl and oystershell."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He spoke pidgin."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The platter was swept with an ocean of prawn."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A plate of quiche drifted by, followed by a tub of quince."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Then we moved on to rabbit and rarebit and a salad drowning in ranch."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We drank sake all night."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A wall of shrubbery faced us."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She fried breaded smelt for dinner."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We went hunting squirrel."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A bit of swimsuit glittered under her tank top."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Thunderclap upon thunderclap rattled the windows."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Waterfowl filled the sky."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Some Jolly Rogers taste like watermelon."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It smells like someone is smoking weed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It tastes of yam."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He clutched a purseful of silver."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He clutched a purseful of dollars."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He clutched a purseful of coins."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He clutched a purseful of pesos."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He clutched a purseful of francs."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He clutched a purseful of zoty."
Finish compare of sentence 196/1383: "A chair is something you sit in."
Finish compare of sentence 197/1384: "A bed is something you sleep in."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He breaded the chicken in a mixture of flour and breadcrumbs."
Finish compare of sentence 198/1386: "I had an off day."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Kim eats pizza with chopsticks."
Dictionary is missing words in: "With a gurgle of laughter, the boy found the apple was in his hand."
Dictionary is missing words in: "With a shrill yelp, she nipped him in the hind leg."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Off in the distance, a dog barked."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Far in the distance, a dog barked."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Somewhere in the distance, a dog barked."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Somewhere, far away, a dog barked."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Somewhere else, a cat meowed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "quite near, a mouse scratched."
Dictionary is missing words in: "somewhere near, a mouse scratched."
Dictionary is missing words in: "quite nearby, a mouse scratched."
Dictionary is missing words in: "somewhere nearby, a mouse scratched."
Dictionary is missing words in: "nearby, a mouse scratched."
Dictionary is missing words in: "close by, a mouse scratched."
Finish compare of sentence 199/1401: "She kept the child close by."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The ticking came from somewhere near."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The ticking came from somewhere nearby."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The ticking came from somewhere close by."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We are finally getting somewhere."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You are just about halfway there."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You are about halfway there."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You are about halfway in."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You are partway in."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You are halfway in."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You are halfway there."
Finish compare of sentence 200/1412: "You are almost there."
Finish compare of sentence 201/1413: "You are almost done."
Finish compare of sentence 202/1414: "You are nearly there."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You are virtually there."
Finish compare of sentence 203/1416: "You are in."
Finish compare of sentence 204/1417: "you are there."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We stopped, about halfway home."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We stopped, about halfway in."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We stopped, about halfway up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The record skips about halfway in."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The record skips somewhere about halfway in."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The record skips somewhere about halfway through."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The record skips somewhere, about halfway through."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The record skips there, about halfway through."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The record skips somewhere, about there."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The record skips somewhere, right about there."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The record skips somewhere else, too."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I want to be somewhere else"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was a big dog, a hound with a strain of mastiff from somewhere"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Them there beans ought to be picked"
Finish compare of sentence 205/1432: "No one is sitting at that there table"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The record skips just about there."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The record skips right about there."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The record skips almost about there."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The record skips nearly about there."
Finish compare of sentence 206/1437: "You are nearly about there."
Finish compare of sentence 207/1438: "You are nearly almost there."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Thither he now transferred St Columba's remains from Iona."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Here the remains can be found."
Finish compare of sentence 208/1441: "where are you?"
Finish compare of sentence 209/1442: "about where are you?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just about where did you see this?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Right about where did you see this?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just where did you see this?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "About where did you put it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Roughly where did you put it?"
Finish compare of sentence 210/1448: "where, exactly, did you put it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "where the fuck did you put it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Exactly where the fuck did you put it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "About where did it happen?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Precisely where did it happen?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "About when did it happen?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just how did it happen?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just why did you say that?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just which one did you take?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just what are you talking about?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "About what are you talking?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "About whom are you talking?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just whom are you talking about?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just who did you see?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just whose book is this?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Exactly whose book is this?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "To what do you owe your success?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "To whom do you owe your success?"
Finish compare of sentence 211/1466: "Of which person were you speaking?"
Finish compare of sentence 212/1467: "I wonder where you put it?"
Finish compare of sentence 213/1468: "I wonder why you said that?"
Finish compare of sentence 214/1469: "How big of a dog can you imagine?"
Finish compare of sentence 215/1470: "How big is it?"
Finish compare of sentence 216/1471: "It was too big a dog to fit"
Finish compare of sentence 217/1472: "It is too big a bank to fail."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was too big a dog to fit through the hole in the fence."
Finish compare of sentence 218/1474: "It was that big a dog."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was so big a dog that it filled the cage"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How big a dog did he buy?"
Finish compare of sentence 219/1477: "it is how big?"
Finish compare of sentence 220/1478: "it is this big."
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is how stupid?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is that stupid."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Our neighbours have too big a dog to keep in the house"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Our neighbours have a dog too big to keep in the house"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Our neighbours have dogs too big to keep in the house"
Finish compare of sentence 221/1484: "By what means?"
Finish compare of sentence 222/1485: "In what way?"
Finish compare of sentence 223/1486: "To what end?"
Finish compare of sentence 224/1487: "For what reason?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "By what means ...?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "In what way ...?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "To what end ...?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "For what reason ...?"
Finish compare of sentence 225/1492: "How much should I use?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How much sugar should I use?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "With whom does he live?"
Finish compare of sentence 226/1495: "How long did you take?"
Finish compare of sentence 227/1496: "How long a walk did you take?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How long a walk in the park did you take?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How old a wine do you want?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How much sugar for the cake is needed?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How much sugar is needed?"
Finish compare of sentence 228/1501: "How much is needed?"
Finish compare of sentence 229/1502: "How big a dog is wanted?"
Finish compare of sentence 230/1503: "How much of a dog is wanted?"
Finish compare of sentence 231/1504: "How much of a man is he?"
Finish compare of sentence 232/1505: "How much of a lie was it?"
Finish compare of sentence 233/1506: "How big a lie was it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Are you insane?"
Finish compare of sentence 234/1508: "Are you the one?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Are you in the bathroom?"
Finish compare of sentence 235/1510: "Are we on time?"
Finish compare of sentence 236/1511: "Are we off?"
Finish compare of sentence 237/1512: "Is it in place?"
Finish compare of sentence 238/1513: "Is that when the meeting is?"
Finish compare of sentence 239/1514: "How long before you got home?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Approximately how long before you got home?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Approximately how long was it before you got home?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sophy wondered up to what number she should count"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sophy wondered up to what number to count"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sophy wondered up to what number to count to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sophy wondered up to whose favorite number she should count"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sophy wondered up to whose favorite number to count"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sophy wondered up to whose favorite number to count to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sophy wondered what number to count to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sophy wondered what number to count up to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sophy wondered whose favorite number to count up to"
Finish compare of sentence 240/1526: "You put it where?"
Finish compare of sentence 241/1527: "It happened when?"
Finish compare of sentence 242/1528: "you did what?"
Finish compare of sentence 243/1529: "It happened how?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "You slept with who?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Ma'am, where did it happen?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "where did it happen, ma'am?"
Finish compare of sentence 244/1533: "John, why did you say that?"
Finish compare of sentence 245/1534: "why did you say that, John?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "my dear sir, that can't be right!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "my lady, that can't be right!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was an action exemplary of his conduct"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was an action typical of his conduct"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The Miami market is coming back strong"
Dictionary is missing words in: "His approaches were coming on strong."
Finish compare of sentence 246/1541: "The party was going on strong"
Finish compare of sentence 247/1542: "The party is still going strong"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is behaving very strangely"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is behaving very oddly"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The crisis is bleeding the bank dry"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He slowly bled the helium tank"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He bled off some speed with a sharp banking maneuver"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She slowly wrung the towel dry"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She slowly wrung the towel out"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She wiped it clean"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She wiped the table dry enough."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She ironed it flat"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He combed his hair straight back"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He nailed it flat to the wall"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He pushed him flat against the wall"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He hit it flat on the head"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He hit me hard on the head"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She knocked me blind off my feet"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He robbed me blind."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I liked her well enough"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will arrive sooner than they"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will arrive more tired than they."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will arrive a lot more tired than they."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will arrive a great deal more tired than they."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will arrive a little more tired than they."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will arrive less refreshed than they."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will arrive less happy than they."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will arrive less fresh than they."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will arrive tired."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will arrive exhausted."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She clean forgot to take it back"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It smells like someone is smoking maryjane."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It smells like someone is smoking pot."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We brought back a kilo of boo from Mexico."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He took a gram of snort to the party."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The response was that there are several barriers that have to come down."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The only thing that has prevented a collapse in the dollar so far is that it is the currency reserve of the world."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The only thing that has prevented a collapse of the dollar so far is that it is the currency reserve of the world."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The only thing that has prevented a collapse so far is that it is the currency reserve of the world."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The thing that has prevented a collapse is that it is the currency reserve."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The thing that is funny is that it is wrong."
Finish compare of sentence 248/1582: "The thing is that John is coming."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The only thing that has prevented a collapse of the building are the walls."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The thing that has prevented collapse are the walls."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The thing that prevented collapse were the walls."
Dictionary is missing words in: "...that has prevented collapse is ..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The only thing preventing a collapse of the building are the walls."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The only thing preventing collapse of the building are the walls."
Dictionary is missing words in: "the thing that does it are the sound effects"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the thing that I like are the sound effects"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What I like are the sound effects"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What I love are the sound effects"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What I love about this movie are the sound effects"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What John loves about this movie are the sound effects"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What he loves is immaterial"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What he wants is the cat"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What he wants are the cats"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The cats are what John wants"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The issues are that some pages will not load completely or load at all"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He felt a deep shame."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The shame of it is that it was a good idea."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I say it's a damn shame that he left."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's a shame that the deal collapsed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The whole thing is a crying shame."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The whole thing is a fucking shame."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The shame of it is that it was a good idea."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The shame of it is, is that it was a good idea."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The shame of it is that the lynchpin failed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The crux of it is that the lynchpin doesn't do anything."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The crux of the plan is to take the fort."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The shame of the priest is on all our minds."
Finish compare of sentence 249/1612: "The idea of it is to act first."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The shame of it is that we must act first."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The crux of it is that we must act first."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The crux of the plan is that we must act first."
Finish compare of sentence 250/1616: "The idea of it is that we must act first."
Dictionary is missing words in: "my guess is the door on the left hides the prize."
Dictionary is missing words in: "my guess is that the door on the left hides the prize."
Finish compare of sentence 251/1619: "The only conclusion is that he is wrong"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It demonstrated a certain aloofness."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It demonstrated a certain adroitness."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It demonstrated a certain aggressiveness."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The acetylene exploded."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is pretty insanely stupid."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is rather excrutiatingly dull."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is rather exceptionally dull."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is rather unbearably dull."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is rather far from smart."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is rather incredibly dull."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is altogether incredibly dull."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is altogether amazingly quick."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is altogether stunningly dull."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is altogether stunningly inept."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is very atrociously gluttonous."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is rather quite dull."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is notably rather dull."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is plainly rather dull."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is obviously quite dull."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is quite fashionably late."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is so infernally frustrating."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is very unacceptably insubordinate."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is rather very insubordinate."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is rather far from dumb."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is rather quite dumb."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is altogether a bit boring, wouldn't you say?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is incomparably smarter."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is unflinchingly direct."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is undisputably the king."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is undeniably the winner."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is unarguably the winner."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The car is unimaginably faster."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The car is ridiculously faster."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The Wehrmacht is unacceptably more dangerous."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Rockefeller is fabulously richer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "This computer is relatively more expensive."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's an inherently better method."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's a marginally less productive well."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That one is a marginally better choice."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's a moderately faster way of doing things."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is rather incomparably smarter."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's a rather inherently better method."
Finish compare of sentence 252/1662: "John is quite certainly a better choice."
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is vastly cheaper"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is dramatically cheaper"
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is boundlessly, charmingly polite."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is stupidly, insanely dull."
Finish compare of sentence 253/1667: "I have started working."
Finish compare of sentence 254/1668: "I will start working."
Finish compare of sentence 255/1669: "I am done working."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I am done being angry."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I am done with being angry."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I am finished being angry."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I am through being angry."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We took a through flight."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's a done deed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They soon repaired what damage had been done"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he fixed what damage there had been done"
Finish compare of sentence 256/1678: "he took what little there was"
Finish compare of sentence 257/1679: "I am doing fine."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I am doing poorly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is doing ok."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is doing okay."
Finish compare of sentence 258/1683: "He has done very well."
Finish compare of sentence 259/1684: "I am doing much better, thank you."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is going terribly."
Finish compare of sentence 260/1686: "It is going well."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'm feeling awful."
Finish compare of sentence 261/1688: "I asked him a question."
Finish compare of sentence 262/1689: "I told Jim a story."
Finish compare of sentence 263/1690: "I want it back."
Finish compare of sentence 264/1691: "I want the book back."
Finish compare of sentence 265/1692: "I want it now."
Finish compare of sentence 266/1693: "I want the book now."
Finish compare of sentence 267/1694: "I want the book here, now."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I want the shed to be painted green"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I want the shed painted green"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I want the shed green"
Finish compare of sentence 268/1698: "I want it green."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I want a shed green in color"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I want my coffee fresh"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I want it shiny."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I wish it was shiny."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I want it brilliant."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I want the review to be brilliant."
Finish compare of sentence 269/1705: "I want it done."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I want the job done."
Finish compare of sentence 270/1707: "I want it finished."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I want the job finished."
Finish compare of sentence 271/1709: "I want it over with."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I want these troubles over with."
Finish compare of sentence 272/1711: "I wish it was over with."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I want it completed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I wish it was completed."
Finish compare of sentence 273/1714: "I want it fixed."
Finish compare of sentence 274/1715: "I want it fixed up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I want it cleaned up."
Finish compare of sentence 275/1717: "I want it gone."
Finish compare of sentence 276/1718: "I wish it was gone."
Finish compare of sentence 277/1719: "I want to be rid of it."
Finish compare of sentence 278/1720: "I was asked a number of questions."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I was told that crap, too."
Finish compare of sentence 279/1722: "I was told all about it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I was told the whole story by Maybeline."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He enquired my whereabouts."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He inquired at the door."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The old system is in threat of breakdown."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The area remains under severe threat of fire."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He poses a threat to security."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I heard a bark in the distance."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He talked quietly of revolt."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He disapproved passionately of sex."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He talks, mostly of revolution."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It consists largely of sand."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He talks mostly about the weather."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He talked up a storm."
Dictionary is missing words in: "he talked mostly to Ann."
Dictionary is missing words in: "he talked a mean streak longer than I'd hoped"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is talking up some chicks."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He talks a lot."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He eats with me nightly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He eats with me daily."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He prays with me daily."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He barks at me nightly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He sits near me nightly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He sits near me occasionally."
Dictionary is missing words in: "My boyfriend dresses very simply."
Finish compare of sentence 280/1747: "He does that sometimes."
Finish compare of sentence 281/1748: "He does that some of the time."
Finish compare of sentence 282/1749: "He does that all the time."
Finish compare of sentence 283/1750: "He does that all of the time."
Finish compare of sentence 284/1751: "He does that a lot of the time."
Finish compare of sentence 285/1752: "He does it all of the time."
Finish compare of sentence 286/1753: "He does it all of the day."
Finish compare of sentence 287/1754: "He does it a little of the time."
Finish compare of sentence 288/1755: "He does it a little bit of the time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That happens none of the time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That's what happens plenty of the time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That's what happens the rest of the time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That happens the rest of the time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That's what goes on the rest of the time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Long hair hides his eyes all of the time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sunglasses hide his eyes all the time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sunglasses hide her eyes a lot of the time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sunglasses hide her eyes a bit of the time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A hat covers his head some of the time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A crown of snow covers the mountain most of the year"
Dictionary is missing words in: "A crown of snow covers the mountain a part of the year"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The trains run on time part of the day"
Finish compare of sentence 289/1769: "He is a part of the problem."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Part of the problem is his attitude."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It happens every other time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It happens every time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It happens each time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It happens each time I hit the brake."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It happens not every time I hit the brake."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It happens every place I go."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's do it some other time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's do it some other way."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's do it some other place."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That's what happens most other times."
Finish compare of sentence 290/1781: "I see that happen most places I go."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is reasoned that the vast concentration of the business information market in EMEA resides within Europe."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is whispered that the vast concentration of the business information market in EMEA resides within Europe."
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is reasoned that this statement is true."
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is hoped that this statement is true."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was hinted that our actions were inappropriate."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Here is the ball."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Here's the ball."
Finish compare of sentence 291/1789: "There is the ball!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Where's the ball?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Here's Johnny!"
Finish compare of sentence 292/1792: "there are the books"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Here lie the remains"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Here lay the remains"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Here lies the book"
Dictionary is missing words in: "here rests the remains"
Dictionary is missing words in: "there rest the remains of St. Stephen"
Dictionary is missing words in: "You may rest assured I shall fulfill my duties"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Nearby is another temple that honors his wife."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Close by is another temple."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Nearby are more ruins."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There goes the neighborhood!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "There goes the cutest guy ever!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "There goes one of the strongest competitors this sport has seen."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There goes the biggest loser ever."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There went the cutest guy ever!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Oh great, there went my ride."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Here goes nothing."
Dictionary is missing words in: "But for the grace of God, there go I."
Dictionary is missing words in: "All he ever does is bark."
Dictionary is missing words in: "All he ever does is whine."
Dictionary is missing words in: "All he ever does is complain."
Finish compare of sentence 293/1813: "All he ever does is drink."
Dictionary is missing words in: "All he ever does is schmooze."
Dictionary is missing words in: "All he ever does is lounge."
Dictionary is missing words in: "All he ever does is watch TV."
Dictionary is missing words in: "All he ever does is listen to the radio."
Dictionary is missing words in: "All he ever does is sit in front of the computer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "All he will ever do is complain."
Dictionary is missing words in: "All he will ever do is go drinking."
Dictionary is missing words in: "One of the things you do when you sleep is dream."
Dictionary is missing words in: "One of the things you do when you sleep is to dream."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Something you might do while attending school is learn."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Something you need to do before you watch TV is turn on the TV."
Dictionary is missing words in: "One of the things you do when you stop your bicycle is apply the brake"
Dictionary is missing words in: "All he wants is luck."
Dictionary is missing words in: "All he wants is a big cigar."
Dictionary is missing words in: "All he ever wants is to get lucky."
Dictionary is missing words in: "All he ever touched turned to gold."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He's out jogging."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is out jogging."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He's out biking."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He's out running."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He's out for lunch."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He's out on the town."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He looked at the girl who'd been knitting"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is no longer portrayed as having the power to protect against sin."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You are portrayed as having the power to make decisions."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You are portrayed as wanting the power to make decisions."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You are portrayed as needing the power to make decisions."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Information on the Internet may come across as authoritative."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You are as authoritative as he is."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You come across as authoritative."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was so foolish as to lie."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Ridiculous as it seems, the tale is true."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There it lay, inert matter, as it had always lain, since the beginning of time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There it lay, as it had always lain, since the beginning of time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She sang well, as hoped for."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She sang well, as was hoped for."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She sang genuinely well, as hoped for."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She danced as promised."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She danced, as promised, before leaving."
Finish compare of sentence 294/1853: "As promised, she left"
Finish compare of sentence 295/1854: "As expected, she left"
Finish compare of sentence 296/1855: "He left as agreed."
Finish compare of sentence 297/1856: "He left, as was agreed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He painted the fence, as agreed."
Finish compare of sentence 298/1858: "He finished it, as promised"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He left without a fuss, as hoped"
Finish compare of sentence 299/1860: "She will fail, as is hoped for."
Finish compare of sentence 300/1861: "She will fail, as it is hoped for."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She failed, as was hoped for."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She failed, as it was hoped for."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She failed, as that was hoped for."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She did her job well, as can be proved by the records."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The accused is innocent, as shall be proven"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The accused, as shall be proven, is innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "as shall be proven, the accused is innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "as it shall be proven, the accused is innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the accused, as I suspected, is innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he, as I suspected, already left"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the accused, as I suspect, is innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the accused, as Joe surmises, is innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the accused, as Joe foresaw, was innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the accused, as Joe asserts, is innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the accused, as Joe opines, is innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the accused, as you know, is innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the accused, as I will show, is innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the accused, as I shall show, is innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the accused, as it shall be shown, is innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the accused, so it shall be shown, is innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the accused, as was widely known, cheated on his wife"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The accused, as I always suspected, is innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The accused, as I always suspected, was found innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The accused, as I will now show, is innocent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the movie, as he filmed it, is bad"
Finish compare of sentence 301/1887: "that cut, as he cut it, is bad"
Dictionary is missing words in: "that tool, as he uses it, is inappropriate"
Dictionary is missing words in: "as had been agreed, the work began on Monday"
Dictionary is missing words in: "as had been agreed in advance, the low blow came in the third round"
Dictionary is missing words in: "his statements, as candidate, contradict his current actions"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is innocent, as I avow"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The accused is innocent, as it is told"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The accused is innocent, as it is said"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The accused is innocent, as it is appears"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The accused is innocent, as it is written"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The accused is innocent, as it is claimed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The accused is innocent, as is well known"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The accused is innocent, as is well-known"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The accused is innocent, as you know"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the accused is innocent, as I said"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the accused is innocent, as I have said"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The accused is innocent, as you claim"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The accused is innocent, as you have claimed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He has the impunity to do as he pleases"
Finish compare of sentence 302/1906: "He did as he pleased."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He does as he pleases."
Finish compare of sentence 303/1908: "He did as it pleased him."
Finish compare of sentence 304/1909: "He did just as he pleased."
Finish compare of sentence 305/1910: "He does as he wants."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He does as he wishes."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He does as he desires"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he gets as he deserves"
Finish compare of sentence 306/1914: "he got what he had coming"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We set out to do it, as we vowed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It began to rain, just as he had prayed for."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It began to rain, as he had wished for"
Finish compare of sentence 307/1918: "She smiled at him, as he had wished"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He finished at last, just as he had sworn"
Finish compare of sentence 308/1920: "He finished at last"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He delivered, as it was arranged for"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He delivered, as it had been arranged for"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He delivered, as it was arranged"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He delivered, as it had been arranged"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She squirmed, as she was stared at"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She kissed him, as he had long longed for"
Finish compare of sentence 309/1927: "Do as I do."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He said it in a voice so loud as to make everyone stare."
Dictionary is missing words in: "As it was commanded, so it shall be done."
Dictionary is missing words in: "the girl, as directed, turned her head"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the note, as attached, is wrong"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the offer, as extended, is still valid"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the movie, as filmed, is too long"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the concrete, as formed, extends too far out"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the plane, as fuelled, is ready to fly"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the money, as bet, was as good as lost"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the country, as governed, was ripe for revolution"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the cheese, as grated, was too coarse for the recipe"
Dictionary is missing words in: "any girl, as heckled as she was, would have fled"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the ground, as liquified as it was, suddenly surged downhill."
Dictionary is missing words in: "the finding, questionable though it may be, deserves attention"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the claim, unclear as worded, deserves attention"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is unclear as worded"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Questionable as it may be, we will proceed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Questionable though it may be, we will proceed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "the man, as acquiescing as he was, was ill-suited to guard the hen-house"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the man, as acquiescing as he was, set a bad precedent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the cookie, as big as life itself, fixed his attention"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It described the treaty as marking a new stage"
Dictionary is missing words in: "decisions such as when to go are taken by the instructor."
Dictionary is missing words in: "decisions such as going are taken by the instructor."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Gallagher's career, spanning over half a century, was first as a teacher in a rural school and then as a photographer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Gallagher's career was first as a teacher in a rural school and then as a photographer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Gallagher's career was first as a teacher and then as a photographer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Gallagher worked first as a teacher and then as a photographer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Gallagher worked as a teacher and as a photographer."
Finish compare of sentence 310/1957: "He allowed as how it was none of my business."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I don't know as how I ought to interfere."
Dictionary is missing words in: "As yet, no one has thought of a solution."
Dictionary is missing words in: "So far, no one has thought of a solution."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We bought the table as is."
Dictionary is missing words in: "yes, so I suspect"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just as I suspected!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Much as I suspected!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just like I suspected!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is just like I suspected."
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is much like I suspected."
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is much as I suspected."
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is just as I suspected."
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is gone, as I suspected"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it was gone, as I suspected"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it was missing, as I suspected"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it was green, as I suspected"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it was sandy, as I suspected"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he admitted it, as I suspected"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he admitted to it, as I suspected"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he admitted to it, as we had feared"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he admitted to it, as we had concluded"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he confessed to it, as was wanted"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it happens often, as I suspected"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it happens commonly, as I suspected"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it happens frequently that it breaks, as I'm told"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It seems that it breaks a lot."
Dictionary is missing words in: "it happens that it breaks a lot"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it happens that it breaks"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it so happens that it breaks"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it happens frequently that it breaks"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it happens frequently that it is broken"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It happens that it breaks a lot"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go shop."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go shopping."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's not go shop."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's not go shopping."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's not go."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's not."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go sailing!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go drinking!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go smoke up that joint!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go smoke that joint!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go drink up that bottle!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go drink that bottle!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go sail up that lake!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go swim."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go for a swim."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go for a drink."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go for a smoke."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go eat."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go talk to him now."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let us go, then, you and I."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Why don't you go jump in a lake?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Why don't you just go jump in a lake?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Why don't you go fall in a lake?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Oh, go jump in a lake!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go fall in the water!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go jump in the water!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go hike that trail."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's go hike up that trail."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's blow this pop-stand."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Go bring me that ball."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just go bring me the paper."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'm going drinking."
Length miscompare: 5 vs 4
Finish compare of sentence 311/2022: "I'm going running."
Finish compare of sentence 312/2023: "I do see it now."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Nothing but ocean lay before."
Finish compare of sentence 313/2025: "We heard nothing but silence."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Nothing but scorched earth remained."
Finish compare of sentence 314/2027: "All was lost but one table."
Finish compare of sentence 315/2028: "All was lost, save for one chair."
Dictionary is missing words in: "All but one tree remained untouched."
Dictionary is missing words in: "But for want of a nail, the shoe was lost."
Finish compare of sentence 316/2031: "All but one tree was lost."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Everything but one tree remained."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We hoped for the best, but were disappointed."
Finish compare of sentence 317/2034: "There was nothing but pain."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It fell when the clock chimed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The treasure lay below the ground."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Below the ground lay the treasure."
Dictionary is missing words in: "In Xanadu did Kubla Kahn a stately pleasure dome decree."
Finish compare of sentence 318/2039: "He turned left."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He angled left."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He angled sharply left."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He angled around."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He dodged left."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He jumped left."
Finish compare of sentence 319/2045: "He looked about."
Finish compare of sentence 320/2046: "He turned about."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The sailboat swung about, coming to a new bearing."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He jumped about."
Dictionary is missing words in: "People glanced fearfully around at the impassive troops."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He looked around, fearfully."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He looked around fearfully."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He looked fearfully around."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He looked about, fearfully."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He looked about fearfully."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He looked fearfully about."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I assume so"
Finish compare of sentence 321/2057: "I believe so"
Finish compare of sentence 322/2058: "I fear so"
Finish compare of sentence 323/2059: "I hope so"
Finish compare of sentence 324/2060: "I imagine so"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I presume so"
Finish compare of sentence 325/2062: "I say so."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I suspect so."
Finish compare of sentence 326/2064: "I think so"
Finish compare of sentence 327/2065: "I should imagine not!"
Finish compare of sentence 328/2066: "It  seems so."
Finish compare of sentence 329/2067: "He walked the dog."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He walked up to the counter."
Finish compare of sentence 330/2069: "He walked out of the house."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He sailed the boat into the pier."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He sailed up to the bar."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He clicked the mouse."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He zeroed the counter."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He zeroed out the counter."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He marched his prisoners through town."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Elvis was all shook up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Elvis was all shaken up."
Finish compare of sentence 331/2078: "He will kill again."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The flu can kill."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's kill some time on Sunday."
Finish compare of sentence 332/2081: "I will kill him."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The show airs on Sunday."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The show will air again on Sunday."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We've chosen to adopt"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will adopt"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will adopt again."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will adopt a child from Uruguay."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Horeses feed on hay."
Dictionary is missing words in: "People eat but animals feed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Today, we will tell about ancient structures."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yesterday, we told about ancient structures."
Finish compare of sentence 333/2092: "They have told of the soldiers' fear"
Dictionary is missing words in: "They have talked of the soldiers' fear"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Your grammar should be worked on."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Your grammar should be worked upon."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I biked Johnson Creek."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We walked Shoal Creek."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We kayaked Town Lake."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We skied Big Sur."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We're kayaking Shoal Creek tomorrow."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Biking feels good."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He wants to go surfing."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He has gone to Hawaii to go surfing."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will canoe the rapids today."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I will swim the sea."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He swam three laps."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He has swum the English Channel."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We have swum out to the island before."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's swim."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Today, we will snorkel the reef."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Today, we will snorkel out to the reef."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Today, we will go snorkelling."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Today, we will go skin-diving."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He dove down to the bottom of the sea."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Roselyn et al. wrote about manga."
Finish compare of sentence 334/2116: "He went on and on, etc."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The v.v. is true."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Whenever he comes, she goes, and v.v."
Finish compare of sentence 335/2119: "It was he that did it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John likes joking around."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He's right, isn't he?"
Finish compare of sentence 336/2122: "Who am I?"
Finish compare of sentence 337/2123: "I don't think so."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I, uhh, don't think you're right."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Gosh darn it!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Because I want to talk."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Because I said so."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Only I say so."
Finish compare of sentence 338/2129: "They do just that."
Finish compare of sentence 339/2130: "He did just what you asked."
Finish compare of sentence 340/2131: "I am only here for a few days"
Finish compare of sentence 341/2132: "I am here only for a few days"
Finish compare of sentence 342/2133: "I am here for a few days only"
Dictionary is missing words in: "My phone can make calls only to family in this area"
Dictionary is missing words in: "My phone can make only calls to family in this area"
Dictionary is missing words in: "My phone can make calls only to family in this area"
Dictionary is missing words in: "My phone can make calls to family only in this area"
Finish compare of sentence 343/2138: "I am only here a few days"
Finish compare of sentence 344/2139: "I am here only a few days"
Finish compare of sentence 345/2140: "I am here a few days only"
Dictionary is missing words in: "This sentence parses badly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The bad parse was due to the improper parsing of the sentence."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I would not choose to."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Not that I would choose to."
Finish compare of sentence 346/2145: "It sure is."
Finish compare of sentence 347/2146: "It sure is great."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It sure the fuck is great to see you, man!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It sure the hell is!"
Finish compare of sentence 348/2149: "The book sure is great."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The sushi was best."
Dictionary is missing words in: "How about the bubble tea?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How 'bout them Cowboys?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The results bear out the method"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The results bear looking at."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It bears looking at."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He talked longer than usual."
Finish compare of sentence 349/2157: "He is taking longer than usual."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is working harder than usual."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He hit harder."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He hits hard."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We're going to bike over."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We'll jet on by."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They sailed on by."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just scroll down."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That just reeks."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That is just the cat's meow."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He stands accused of misconduct."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was jarred awake."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We shook him awake."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He jerked awake at the sound."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The sound left him awake."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We left him asleep in the tent."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We left him sleeping in the tent."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We stood it upright."
Finish compare of sentence 350/2175: "We stood it up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He picked up the fallen lamp and stood it up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was obvious that he would do it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was obvious that he'd do it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There's barf on the seat."
Finish compare of sentence 351/2180: "There is water on the table."
Finish compare of sentence 352/2181: "there is a glass on the table."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There is dirt on the floor."
Dictionary is missing words in: "there is egg on your face"
Dictionary is missing words in: "there is a rumour going around."
Dictionary is missing words in: "there is dirt going around."
Finish compare of sentence 353/2186: "There is blood on his hands"
Finish compare of sentence 354/2187: "There will be blood on your hands"
Dictionary is missing words in: "There is a wart on his hands"
Dictionary is missing words in: "There are warts on his hands"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is your fault that you're a failure"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it's your fault that you're a failure"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it's really your fault that you're a failure"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it's really your fault in the end that you're a failure"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it's really your fault, in the end, that you're a failure"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What the beep was that?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We'll cab on over to the restaurant later."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He waited in the check-out line."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The wind gusted from the north."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He must pee into the bottle."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He'll stride up to the bar, pretending he didn't see a thing."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We'll uplink tonight."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That will reek tomorrow."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That reeks of favoritism."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Kids will frolic in the summer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He would labor over it for hours."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That circuit will jitter intermittently."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I was by then dominated by my aunt"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I was until now dominated by my aunt"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I was until recently dominated by my aunt"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I am, since yesterday, quite recovered"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I've been, since January, quite hopeful"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I've been since January quite hopeful"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I was, before Friday, quite unhappy."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You must beware of the tiger."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You must be wary of the tiger."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You must be afraid of the tiger."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You must be cautious of the tiger."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You must be cautious around this apparatus."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You must be careful with this apparatus."
Finish compare of sentence 355/2220: "You must be curious about the process."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Lud, son of Shem, went to the village."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Leta, daughter of Shem, went to the village."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Japheth, brother of Shem, went to the village."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Japheth, child of Shem, went to the village."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Lud, born of Shem, went to the village."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Lud, son of Shem and brother of Japheth, went to the village."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Lud, son of Shem, grandson of Noah, went to the village."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let, son of Shem, grandson of Noah, went to the village."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Lud, son of Shem, ..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Thou shalt not lean on thy left elbow."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Thou shalt not lean on thy left elbow, or else."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You just scrolled past it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "What have you gotten into?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What have you gotten yourself into?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "there were upwards of 100 people there"
Dictionary is missing words in: "upwards of 100 people attended"
Finish compare of sentence 356/2237: "Where did the car come from?"
Finish compare of sentence 357/2238: "Where do the words come from?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Who have bought your flat from?"
Finish compare of sentence 358/2240: "Where was she from?"
Finish compare of sentence 359/2241: "Where is the figure taken from?"
Finish compare of sentence 360/2242: "But where will you get them from?"
Finish compare of sentence 361/2243: "Where has this letter come from? my father asked."
Dictionary is missing words in: "If the student does not recover the animal from anaesthesia, where will the experience of post-operative care come from?"
Finish compare of sentence 362/2245: "Where can I possibly get them from?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Can you tell us where those strange ideas came from?"
Finish compare of sentence 363/2247: "Where are you coming from?"
Finish compare of sentence 364/2248: "Where were you coming from?"
Finish compare of sentence 365/2249: "Where is she coming from?"
Finish compare of sentence 366/2250: "Where am I coming from?"
Finish compare of sentence 367/2251: "Where does she come from?"
Finish compare of sentence 368/2252: "Where did they go to?"
Finish compare of sentence 369/2253: "Where have they gone to?"
Finish compare of sentence 370/2254: "So, where did they come to?"
Finish compare of sentence 371/2255: "Where does it go to?"
Finish compare of sentence 372/2256: "What does it come to?"
Finish compare of sentence 373/2257: "What does it go to?"
Finish compare of sentence 374/2258: "So, what does it all come to?"
Finish compare of sentence 375/2259: "So, what does it all come to, now?"
Finish compare of sentence 376/2260: "So, what does it all come to, brother?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Does it come from France?"
Finish compare of sentence 377/2262: "Where did that book go to?"
Finish compare of sentence 378/2263: "Where did that book get to?"
Finish compare of sentence 379/2264: "Where did they come from?"
Finish compare of sentence 380/2265: "Where did they go to?"
Finish compare of sentence 381/2266: "What has become of them now?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How much was the leakage from the drain in the night?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Who are those dudes in the back seat of Calvin's car?"
Finish compare of sentence 382/2269: "What did they do when they got off the car?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Did they go get a sandwich?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Did they eat in the dark?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What did they do with the waxed-paper bundles?"
Finish compare of sentence 383/2273: "I want to, also."
Finish compare of sentence 384/2274: "I want to, too."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Because I have to."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Because I want to."
Finish compare of sentence 385/2277: "But I want to."
Finish compare of sentence 386/2278: "I wanted to, but I didn't."
Finish compare of sentence 387/2279: "He did it, even as he wanted not to"
Finish compare of sentence 388/2280: "I want."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yes, I'd like to."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yes, I'd love to."
Dictionary is missing words in: "No, I wouldn't."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Thank you, I'd love to."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'd like to, I want to."
Finish compare of sentence 389/2286: "I did not mean to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I did not claim to"
Finish compare of sentence 390/2288: "I never expected to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I never claimed to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I did not demand to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "No, I did not propose to"
Finish compare of sentence 391/2292: "No, I did not remember to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Oh gosh, I forgot to."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I would never hesitate to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yes, it sometimes tends to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yes, I would strongly suggest to!"
Finish compare of sentence 392/2297: "Yes, I would hope to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "No, I did not swear to"
Finish compare of sentence 393/2299: "No, I did not think to"
Finish compare of sentence 394/2300: "it did not appear to"
Finish compare of sentence 395/2301: "yes, it appears to"
Finish compare of sentence 396/2302: "it did not seem to"
Finish compare of sentence 397/2303: "yes, it would seem to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I could not assume to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "No, I did not presume to"
Finish compare of sentence 398/2306: "No, I did not fear to"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I certainly wasn't presuming to!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He's a hero, he never wavered to!"
Finish compare of sentence 399/2309: "He was never meaning to, but he always did"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The emperor ordered it made"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The emperor suggested it sold"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The advisor urged compromise"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The advisor urged for compromise"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The advisor argued for compromise"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The advisor urged it done"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I assumed it done."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He stepped forward, gun raised."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He stepped forward, hand out."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He stepped forward, his hand out."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He looked up, heart racing."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He glanced away, hands trembling."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The monkey reached, stick extended, for the banana."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He stepped forward, smile broadening."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He stepped forward, his white teeth glittering."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He glanced away, looking pale."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He stepped forward, putting his hand out."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The inability to laugh signifies trouble"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The inability to laugh signifies mental illness"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The disability of John means he is slow"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The inability for the rejected to laugh signifies their paranoia at being noticed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The drill, to be provided, will be used to take soil samples."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The drill, soon to be provided, will be used to take soil samples."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The stock, to be purchased on the open market, will be added to assets."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The parts, being obtained as we speak, will arrive this afternoon."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The man, Joseph, rang the bell"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He, Joseph, rang the bell"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I, Joseph, rang the bell"
Dictionary is missing words in: "they, the twins, did it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He, the shop owner, rang the bell"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he, the shop owner, ..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Herbert, the shop owner, rang the bell"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We, the undersigned, declare this statement to be true"
Finish compare of sentence 400/2343: "The problem, put simply, is money."
Finish compare of sentence 401/2344: "The problem, stated simply, is money."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The event, being historically insignificant, will soon be forgotten"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The event, historically insignificant, will soon be forgotten"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The event, historically important, will be long commemorated"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the argument, fundamentally flawed, was soon destroyed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the argument, being fundamentally flawed, was soon destroyed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The lady, unpleased by this rude behavior, spoke sharply"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The lady, unpleased, spoke sharply"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The lady, displeased, spoke sharply"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the dog, unsatisfied, barked loudly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Shades of Cyc, where apples were fruit, but oranges weren't, Kennedy was a president, but Nixon a statesman."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Shades of Cyc!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Where apples were fruit, but oranges weren't, Kennedy was a president, but Nixon a statesman."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I just stood there, my hand on the knob, trembling like a leaf."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I stood there, my hand on the knob, trembling"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I stood there, resting my hand on the knob"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I stood there, trembling"
Dictionary is missing words in: "she waited, her thoughts elsewhere"
Dictionary is missing words in: "that is very nice, just not what I want"
Dictionary is missing words in: "that is very nice, but not what I want"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is normal that such directives be worked upon."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is normal that such directives are worked upon."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is normal that such directives be acted upon."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is normal that such directives are acted upon."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is normal that such directives be acted upon quickly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is normal that such directives be quickly acted upon."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is normal that such actions are taken."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is normal that this action is taken."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is normal that this action be taken."
Dictionary is missing words in: "this type of behavior is frowned upon"
Dictionary is missing words in: "this type of behavior is looked down on"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Once will have to do."
Finish compare of sentence 402/2376: "You can go just this once."
Finish compare of sentence 403/2377: "You can go just this one time."
Finish compare of sentence 404/2378: "It was the once capital of the nation."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Peace be unto you."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Where be those roses gone which sweetened so our eyes?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "They be shooting and fishing out at the Forestry Lakes."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The seven year old kicked me in the shins."
Finish compare of sentence 405/2383: "He is a seven year old."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The seven year olds ran rampant."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The seven year olds ran wild."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The market fell 156.83, or 8%, a week after Black Monday."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We'll party all night on Fat Tuesday."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We'll come for dinner on Ash Wednesday."
Finish compare of sentence 406/2389: "The horses run free now."
Finish compare of sentence 407/2390: "The horses run hard."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He runs hot and cold."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The engine is running very hot."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The door is locked tight."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The window is wedged open."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The window is wedged wide open."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He blew the case wide open."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The door swung wide open."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The door slammed shut behind me."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The bolt is screwed in tight."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The bolt is frozen hard in the engine block."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He cranked up the volume loud."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He cranked up the volume way loud."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He hit the nail pretty hard."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He wacked the ball pretty far."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I wonder how hot the motor ran."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I wonder how open he plans to be about the truth."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is very tight with his friends."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Will he be free with his praise?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How free will he be with his praise?"
Finish compare of sentence 408/2410: "How open will he be with the truth?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How tight is that connection?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How loose is that connection?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The asset was written off."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The asset was w/o."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Its is a complete write-off."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Its is a complete w/o."
Finish compare of sentence 409/2417: "We left without him."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We left w/o him."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It comes w/o batteries."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It comes with batteries."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It comes w/ batteries."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It comes w/batteries."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The value is within parameters."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The value is w/i parameters."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I need help w/that."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I take coffee w/milk."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'm telling you b/c you need to know."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'm telling you 'cause you need to know."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It comes with a/c."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The a/c stopped working."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The A/C stopped working."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just go hire an HVAC guy."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I want an r/c car for Christmas!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He got himself an R/C plane!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "There's a bottleneck in the i/o subsystem."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let's re-examine the I/O system architecture."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is addressed c/o the Smith family."
Dictionary is missing words in: "the five seat washed out in the final sprint"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the sixteen runner burnt to a crisp"
Dictionary is missing words in: "There is a nineteen minute gap in the tapes."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There is a 12 year gap in the records."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There is a 10 millenium gap in the geological records."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The explosion blew out a 12 inch hole in the side of the tank."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It shoots 12 picosecond pulses."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It shoots a 12 picosecond pulse."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is a 12 watt motor."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It has a hardness of 0.34 Brinell units."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It has a tensile toughness of 0.34 joules per cubic metre"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is 1cm away."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is 1mm away."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She screwed in a 40 watt light bulb."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She screwed in a forty watt light bulb."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is a 12 m apartment."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The rent is $150 per m per month."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The cost is $150 per meter."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The cost is $150 per yard."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The rate is 10nm per msec."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The differential rate is 5 volts per MeV."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He queued up another 45 rpm record."
Dictionary is missing words in: "India is building a 450MW nuclear plant."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The temperature rose by 12C."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is 12C outside."
Dictionary is missing words in: "My El Camino gets about 12 MPG."
Dictionary is missing words in: "My El Camino gets about 12 mpg."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We bought a 12 pound pumpkin for Halloween."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We bought a 12 dollar pumpkin for Halloween."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He got himself a 50 dollar haircut."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That car goes 90 MPH."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Give him 5 cc's of morphine, stat."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The crystal is growing at a rate of 2mm per millisecond."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The slew rate is 12mV per microsecond."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He raced off at 90 miles an hour."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The aircraft was moving 90 miles per hour."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It goes 90 miles an hour."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It moves 90 miles an hour."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It went 90 miles an hour."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That will cost you very nearly 12 drachma."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It goes for 12 to the drachma."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We sell them for 12 per drachma."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That will cost 2400."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That will cost 2400 yen."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We bought 200ft. of lumber."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We bought the last 200ft. of lumber."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We bought 200 square ft. of plywood."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We bought 200 square ft of plywood."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We bought 200 linear ft of lumber."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We bought 200 sq. ft. of plywood."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We bought 200 sq ft of plywood."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We bought 200sq.ft. of plywood."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We bought 200 cu. yds. of concrete."
Dictionary is missing words in: "five hundred cubic yards of concrete were used for this project"
Dictionary is missing words in: "500 cubic yards of concrete were used for this project"
Dictionary is missing words in: "500 cu. yds. of concrete were used for this project"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The requirement, 5 to 7 sq ft, is correct"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The requirement calls for 5 cu in to 7 cu in"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The requirement calls for 5 cu. in. to 7 cu. in."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The requirement calls for 5 to 7 cu in"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It has a 200 cu. in. displacement."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It has a 200 cubic inch displacement."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Apply 12 ft.lbs. of torque."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is 12ft. long."
Dictionary is missing words in: "This battery is rated at 5 mAh"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The voltage fell almost 50mV."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That will cost hundreds of lira."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That will cost zillions of lira."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The ferrite core is wrapped with 24gauge wire."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The last 50 ft. are bad."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The last 50ft. are bad."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Some 50 ft. are bad."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Nearly 50 ft. are bad."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The last 50 ft. of the cable are bad."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The leftmost 50 ft. of the cable are bad."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The protein (50 kDa) is examined."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The protein (20 to 50 kDa) is examined"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The protein (1 kDa) is examined"
Dictionary is missing words in: "A miner's inch is defined as 1/60 ft/s."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A miner's inch is defined as 1/60 ft / s."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A miner's inch is defined as 1 / 60 ft/s."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A miner's inch is defined as 1 / 60 ft / s."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The drip rate is 472 mL/s"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The drip rate is 4.72 mL/s"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The drip rate is 472mL/s."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The drip rate is 472 mL/s."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The drip rate is 472 mL / s"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The drip rate is 472 mL / s."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The drip rate is 472 mL/s, but we have a comma here."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The drip rate is 472mL/s, but we have a comma here."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A miner's inch is defined as 472 mL/s."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A miner's inch is defined as 472 mL / s."
Dictionary is missing words in: "the weight was 7grams"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the weight was 7grams, but we wanted a comma after the unit."
Dictionary is missing words in: "the weight was 7lbs., but we wanted a comma after the unit."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'd like 2 lbs. of coffee"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'd like 2lbs. of coffee"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The proof value is twice the v/v % value."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is convenient to express its concentration in v/v percent"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is convenient to express its concentration in v/v %"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We measure the concentration in v/v %"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Wine has a v/v % alcohol content of 12 to 14"
Dictionary is missing words in: "wine contains 13.1% (v/v) alcohol"
Dictionary is missing words in: "For example, wine is about 12% v/v ethanol."
Dictionary is missing words in: "For example, wine is about 12% vol/vol ethanol."
Dictionary is missing words in: "For example, wine is about 12 percent ethanol."
Dictionary is missing words in: "For example, wine is about 12% ethanol."
Dictionary is missing words in: "An example would be a 5%(w/v) NaCl solution."
Dictionary is missing words in: "An example would be a 5% weight per volume NaCl solution."
Dictionary is missing words in: "An example would be a 5% NaCl solution."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It contains 12 parts alcohol."
Dictionary is missing words in: "it contains about 12 liters of ethanol."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We measured 62 grams"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We spend four dollars per student per year"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was 10:30AM in the morning."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was 10AM in the morning."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bids must be received by 1 p.m. EDT"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bids must be received by 1 PM, CST"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bids must be received by 1PM, CST"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I can't decide between 7:30AM and 9:30AM."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I can't decide between the 7:30AM and the 9:30AM appointment."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I saw him on January 21, 1990"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I saw him on January 21st, 1990"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It happened on October 17th, 1781."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It happened on October seventeenth, seventeen eighty-one."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It happened on October seventeenth, seventeen oh-one."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It happened on October seventeenth, seventeen oh one."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was produced by 21st Century Fox"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It happened on 20 January 1975"
Dictionary is missing words in: "John, born on January 20th, 1975, is a gifted ball player."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John, born January 20th, 1975, is a gifted ball player."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John, born January 20th, is a gifted ball player."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John, born 20 January 1975, is a gifted ball player."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John (born 20 January 1975) is a gifted ball player."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is a two cent needle"
Dictionary is missing words in: "That's a one dollar cigar"
Dictionary is missing words in: "That's a 1 dollar cigar"
Dictionary is missing words in: "That's a $1 cigar"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The IMF estimated growth at five and two-tenths percent."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We bought hours of time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We bought 12 feet of lumber."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That will take hundreds of hours of effort."
Finish compare of sentence 410/2580: "That will take hours of effort."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That will take hundreds of yards of cement."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It will take several inches of movement to clear the rigger."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It will take several foot-pounds of strain before it cracks."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That will require 10 square yards of paint."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That engine generates hundreds of foot-pounds of torque."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The rate is 10 nm per one msec of time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It cost US$ 14 million."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It cost $14 million."
Finish compare of sentence 411/2589: "It is 5 miles distant."
Finish compare of sentence 412/2590: "It was 3 miles under."
Finish compare of sentence 413/2591: "It was 3 miles east."
Finish compare of sentence 414/2592: "It was about 3 miles out."
Finish compare of sentence 415/2593: "It is a few miles over."
Dictionary is missing words in: "we walked for a further three kilometers"
Finish compare of sentence 416/2595: "we walked for a further three hours"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The judge jailed him for a further 3 and a half years"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ran 10 fewer miles than Ben."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I ran 10 more miles than Ben."
Finish compare of sentence 417/2599: "It is between 5 miles and 15 miles long."
Finish compare of sentence 418/2600: "It is between 5 miles and 15 miles distant."
Finish compare of sentence 419/2601: "It started on day one."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The experiments ended on day 22."
Finish compare of sentence 420/2603: "I fear the number 13."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The number 12 is a lucky number."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I fear the dirty dozen."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The exon is spliced  with the intron."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Exon 30 is spliced with the intron."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Exon 30 is spliced with intron 40."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Oven two is not heating evenly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Assembly line 7 had a work stoppage this morning"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Flight 442 was delayed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Aleph one is the first uncountable infinity."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John, age 40, is a douchebag."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John, aged 40, is a douchebag."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The sigma factor sigma 35 is homologous."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The sequence is omega 1 beta 2 alpha."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He takes vitamin D supplements."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They say that Pope Pious XII takes vitamin D supplements."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Vitamin D supplements are good for you."
Dictionary is missing words in: "William Petre was Secretary of State to Henry VIII."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It runs from time T until the end."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It runs from T until the end."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She will be in the daycare center an hour before the beginning of T and stay until after the end of T"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It all happens at time T."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Go to spot X on the map."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Go to place X on the map."
Dictionary is missing words in: "suppose that X or Y is responsible."
Finish compare of sentence 421/2628: "A and B are the same."
Finish compare of sentence 422/2629: "It takes 2 to 3 times the effort."
Finish compare of sentence 423/2630: "It takes 2 - 3 times the effort."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It takes 2 -- 3 times the effort."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It takes 2 --- 3 times the effort."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It has a 10 to 20 foot range."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The account has a $1000 to $2000 limit."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It will cost $10 million to $20 million to build."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It will cost $10 million or $20 million to build."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I have between 5 and 20 dogs."
Finish compare of sentence 424/2638: "There are from 5 to 20 of them."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It will cost between 5 and 10 million."
Finish compare of sentence 425/2640: "It is between 5 feet and 20 feet long."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A DNA segment of 15 kDa to 20 kDa was obtained."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is two to threefold more abundant."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show me my notes from today."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show results from Monday."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show results from last week."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show results from last June."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show results from a long time ago."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Make predictions for tomorrow."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show results since yesterday."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The war of eighteen twelve was notable."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was all over by nineteen nineteen."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The first model came out in nineteen oh five."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The first model came out in nineteen oh-five."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The first model came out in nineteen oh one."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The first model came out in nineteen oh-one."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The first model came out in nineteen zero five."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The house was remodelled in two thousand three."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The house was remodelled in two thousand and three."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It happened in the late seventeen seventies."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The movie was over by nine eighteen."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The movie was over by 9:18."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The movie was over by 9:18 PM."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The movie was over by 9:18 pm."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The movie was over by 9:18PM."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The movie was over by twelve o'clock."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The movie was over by twelve o'clock in the afternoon."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The movie was over by midnight."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We are moving out at twelve hundred hours."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We are moving out at twelve hundred thirty hours."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We are moving out at zero hundred hours."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Zero hour is approaching."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's a fifty five gallon drum."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's a fifty-five gallon drum."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's a fifty one gallon drum."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's a one gallon can."
Finish compare of sentence 426/2676: "We just got a hundred of them."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We bought two hundred three of them."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We bought two hundred and three of them."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We bought two hundred 'n three of them."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Two hundred twelve now roam wild."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's a hundred and two in the shade."
Dictionary is missing words in: "What's two 'n two?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "press the button when the dial reads zero."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was the 1989-90 crop that failed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The plane is a Boeing 747-400"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The plane is a 747-400"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The 747 jumbo jet came roaring overhead."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You want part no. 1234-567."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You want part no 1234-567A."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You want part no. 1234-567A."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You want part num. 1234-567A."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You want part number 123"
Dictionary is missing words in: "You want part no. 123"
Dictionary is missing words in: "You want part no. 123A"
Dictionary is missing words in: "You want part no. 123ABC"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He drove a souped-up '57 Chevy."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He drove a souped-up 1957 Chevy."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The 47 Ford came screamin' down the track."
Dictionary is missing words in: "This is a must-see movie."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's an old 50's love song."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He's an old 1920's crooner."
Dictionary is missing words in: "These ideas date back to the 60's"
Dictionary is missing words in: "These ideas date back to the 1860's"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Phosphorylation was observed (P = 0.06)."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Phosphorylation was observed (probability = 0.06)."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The sun is distant (L = 1 AU)."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bacteria with low G + C DNA content contain genes."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Everyone knows that 1 + 1 = 2."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Everyone knows that 1 + 1 is 2."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Everyone knows that 2 + 2 = 4."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Everyone knows that 2 + 2 is 4."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Everyone knows that 14 + 354 = 24."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Everyone knows that 914 + 945 = 984."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Everyone knows that 1914 + 1945 = 1984."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Everyone knows that 3 * (1914 + 1945) = 1984."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Everyone knows that  4 * (2 + 2) = 16."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John is < 10."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The strength was in the order of gerE > cotD > yfhP"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The strength was in the order of gerE > cotD > yfhP P2 > yfhP P1"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I think that X + Y > Z"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I think that X + Y = Z"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I think that X + Y is greater than Z"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I think that X + Y is equal to Z"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I say that X plus Y = Z"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I say that X plus Y equals Z"
Dictionary is missing words in: "1 + 1 = 2"
Dictionary is missing words in: "(1 + 1) = 2"
Dictionary is missing words in: "2 = (1 + 1)"
Dictionary is missing words in: "2 + 2 = 4"
Dictionary is missing words in: "539 + 22 = 561"
Dictionary is missing words in: "survivors differ from comparisons (5  1 vs. 12  2)"
Dictionary is missing words in: "survivors differ from comparisons (mean: 5  1 vs. 12  2 respectively)"
Dictionary is missing words in: "survivors differ from comparisons (mean: 5  1 vs. 12  2, respectively)"
Dictionary is missing words in: "survivors differ from comparisons (5 vs. 12, respectively)"
Dictionary is missing words in: "first on our list is this item."
Dictionary is missing words in: "second on our list is this item."
Dictionary is missing words in: "third on our list is this item."
Dictionary is missing words in: "next on our list is this item."
Dictionary is missing words in: "last on our list is this item."
Dictionary is missing words in: "17th on our list is this item."
Dictionary is missing words in: "first is this item."
Dictionary is missing words in: "second is this item."
Dictionary is missing words in: "next is this item."
Dictionary is missing words in: "last is this item."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Today is the third of December."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Today is the 3rd of December."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Today is the 31st of October."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Today is the thirty-first of October."
Finish compare of sentence 427/2749: "He is the third to speak up."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Of them all, he ranked third."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Of them all, he ranked 3rd."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He left on the 20th."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He left on the twentieth."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We are leaving on December 2nd."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is the 17th Duke of Earl."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He belongs to the 43rd regiment."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's a late 19th century artifact."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's a late nineteenth century artifact."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I gave him a third of the loot."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He gets a twentieth part of the proceeds."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He flew with the 101st airborne division."
Dictionary is missing words in: "By the 1550s, he was very prosperous."
Dictionary is missing words in: "By the 650s, he was very prosperous."
Dictionary is missing words in: "By the 1950's, he was very prosperous."
Dictionary is missing words in: "By the '50s, he was very prosperous."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mike finished in first place, and John in third."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mike finished in first place, and John in last."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He finished the season in first."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He finished the season in first place."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He finished the season in 3rd place."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He finished the season in third place."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He finished the season in last."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He finished the season last."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He finished the season dead last."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He finished the season dead fucking last."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He finished the season DFL."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The National Voter Registration Act of 1993 makes it easy"
Finish compare of sentence 428/2778: "the real question is how those two should work with one another."
Finish compare of sentence 429/2779: "the real question is how we two should work with one another."
Finish compare of sentence 430/2780: "the real question is how us two should work with one another."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I told you so :)"
Dictionary is missing words in: ";-)"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Have a happy day 8->"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Ouch =D"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hey -"
Dictionary is missing words in: " :)"
Dictionary is missing words in: ""
Dictionary is missing words in: "^m^"
Dictionary is missing words in: "^^"
Dictionary is missing words in: "@^^"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Marywent shoppingat thestore."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary wentshopping atthe store."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Its broken."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's broken."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I sure wish I ..."
Finish compare of sentence 431/2796: "I sure wish I had."
Finish compare of sentence 432/2797: "I sure wish I did."
Finish compare of sentence 433/2798: "I sure wish I could."
Finish compare of sentence 434/2799: "I sure wish he would."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I sure wish I hadn't."
Finish compare of sentence 435/2801: "I sure wish I didn't."
Finish compare of sentence 436/2802: "I sure hope I don't."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I am sure I haven't."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I am sure I won't."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I know I wouldn't."
Finish compare of sentence 437/2806: "I know I ought to."
Finish compare of sentence 438/2807: "You know you should."
Finish compare of sentence 439/2808: "You know you can."
Finish compare of sentence 440/2809: "You know you must."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I know he doesn't."
Finish compare of sentence 441/2811: "I know he didn't."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You know you needn't."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Why, I ought to ...."
Finish compare of sentence 442/2814: "I ought to."
Finish compare of sentence 443/2815: "I ought to do it."
Finish compare of sentence 444/2816: "I ought to go there."
Finish compare of sentence 445/2817: "I ought to tell her."
Finish compare of sentence 446/2818: "I know I ought to."
Finish compare of sentence 447/2819: "I know I ought to tell her."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sweat stood on his brow, fury was bright in his one good eye."
Dictionary is missing words in: "we are dealing with androcentricthat is to say, male-dominatedconcepts"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we are dealing with androcentric--that is to say, male-dominated--concepts"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it [sc. gouache] was also popular in France"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it -- that is, gouache -- was also popular in France"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it (gouache) was also popular in France"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it -- fried rice -- is very popular"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it (namely, rice) is yummy"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it (viz. rice) is yummy"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it (in other words, rice) is yummy"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it (to wit, rice) is yummy"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it (i.e. rice) is yummy"
Dictionary is missing words in: "When I was going home [scilicet on the evening of day 18] I saw a dog."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I was going home [scilicet on the evening of day 18] when I saw a dog."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I was walking [scilicet on the evening of day 18] when I saw a dog."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I was walking away [scilicet on the evening of day 18] when I saw a dog."
Dictionary is missing words in: "who is Obama? where was he born?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Who is Obama? Where was he born?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The man, that you saw laugh, jumped off a cliff."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The man, that you saw laugh jumped off a cliff."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The man that you saw laugh, jumped off a cliff."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The man that you saw laugh jumped off a cliff."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The tilt being wrong, he grabbed for it"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The reply being wrong, he panicked."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The cutting was difficult, the blade being dull."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The movie was boring, being childish."
Finish compare of sentence 448/2846: "The capital of France: Paris."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Einstein's birthplace: Germany."
Finish compare of sentence 449/2848: "The answer to your question: yes."
Finish compare of sentence 450/2849: "The answer to your question is yes."
Finish compare of sentence 451/2850: "my answer is yes."
Dictionary is missing words in: "my answer: maybe."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He said: i = j + k"
Finish compare of sentence 452/2853: "He said: the sky is blue"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He said: "the sky is blue""
Dictionary is missing words in: "I voted yes."
Finish compare of sentence 453/2856: "I will say yes"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I will say maybe."
Dictionary is missing words in: "My vote is yes"
Dictionary is missing words in: "My vote is emphatically yes"
Finish compare of sentence 454/2860: "The answer is surely yes"
Dictionary is missing words in: "His answer was an emphatic yes"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The vote was a resounding yes"
Finish compare of sentence 455/2863: "The reply being yes, he cried."
Finish compare of sentence 456/2864: "The answer being yes, he broke down and cried."
Finish compare of sentence 457/2865: "He cried, the answer being yes."
Finish compare of sentence 458/2866: "The answer has been yes"
Finish compare of sentence 459/2867: "The answer has been yes all along"
Finish compare of sentence 460/2868: "The answer has been yes all the time"
Finish compare of sentence 461/2869: "The answer had been yes the whole time"
Finish compare of sentence 462/2870: "The answer must surely be yes."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just say no!"
Finish compare of sentence 463/2872: "He answered no."
Finish compare of sentence 464/2873: "He replied with a yes"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He replied with a resounding yes"
Finish compare of sentence 465/2875: "I think so, yes."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That's what he said, yes."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Why the hell not, yes."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Maybe I want to know!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Maybe, I'm not sure."
Length miscompare: 8 vs 7
Finish compare of sentence 466/2880: "I said yes, I'm going!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Problem: How do you convince your customer that you are on the right path?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Question: How do you convince your customer that you are on the right path?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The question is how do you convince your customer that you are on the right path?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Answer: Very carefully!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Answer 2: Politely."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Question 3: Did you double-check your math?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step 3: Tell him off!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Question 3: What about tomorrow?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What about tomorrow?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "How about tomorrow?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Proposal 3: Take the damn car if you must!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Plan 2: Go ahead and do it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Plan B: Hire a plumber."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Plan B: Go home."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hypothesis 3: The door on the left hides the prize."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Conclusion 3: The door on the left hides the prize."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step 3: Pry off the lid."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The big question: Did he do it?"
Finish compare of sentence 467/2899: "chapter 3."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step 1: Get hammer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step 1: Get a hammer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "1: Get a hammer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "2: Get nail."
Dictionary is missing words in: "3: Hit it hard."
Dictionary is missing words in: "1. Get a hammer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "2. Get nail."
Dictionary is missing words in: "3. Hit it hard."
Dictionary is missing words in: "4. Hit it hard."
Dictionary is missing words in: "5. Hit it hard."
Dictionary is missing words in: "6. Hit it hard."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step 1. Get a hammer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step 2. Get nail."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step 3. Hit it hard."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step 4. Hit it hard."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step 5. Hit it hard."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step 6. Hit it hard."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A: Open cover gently."
Dictionary is missing words in: "B: Press button firmly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "B: Press the button firmly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "C: Cover ears immediately."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step A: Open cover gently."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step B: Press button firmly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step C: Press the button firmly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step D: Cover ears immediately."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step A. Open cover gently."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step B. Press button firmly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step C. Press the button firmly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Step D. Cover ears immediately."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I. Ancient Greece"
Dictionary is missing words in: "II. Ancient Rome"
Dictionary is missing words in: "III. Ancient Persia"
Dictionary is missing words in: "IV. Mideast"
Dictionary is missing words in: "V. Asia"
Dictionary is missing words in: "VI. Ancient China"
Dictionary is missing words in: "VII. Egypt"
Dictionary is missing words in: "(please refer to the list below)"
Dictionary is missing words in: "2. Impact point and reason of selection"
Dictionary is missing words in: " This is a bullet"
Dictionary is missing words in: " This is a bullet"
Dictionary is missing words in: " This is a bullet"
Dictionary is missing words in: " This is a bullet"
Dictionary is missing words in: " This is a bullet"
Dictionary is missing words in: "  This is a bullet"
Dictionary is missing words in: " This is a bullet"
Dictionary is missing words in: " This is a bullet"
Dictionary is missing words in: " This is a bullet"
Dictionary is missing words in: " This is a bullet"
Dictionary is missing words in: " This is a bullet"
Dictionary is missing words in: " This is a bullet"
Dictionary is missing words in: " This is a bullet"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We should distinguish between "who" and "whom" but who fucking cares?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He said "blah blah blah.""
Dictionary is missing words in: "He said, "This is it.""
Dictionary is missing words in: "He tells her, "this is it.""
Dictionary is missing words in: "Well, I told her, "This is it.""
Dictionary is missing words in: ""This is a test," she said."
Dictionary is missing words in: ""Is this a test?" she asked."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She asked, "Is this a test?""
Dictionary is missing words in: ""Let's go!" she said."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He said, "Let's go!""
Dictionary is missing words in: ""Let go of me!" she screamed."
Dictionary is missing words in: ""Let go of me!" she sobbed."
Dictionary is missing words in: ""Are you mad at me?" he demanded."
Dictionary is missing words in: ""What's up?" he asked."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You asked, "How might this work?""
Dictionary is missing words in: "You were asking, "How might this work?""
Dictionary is missing words in: "You were asking "How might this work?""
Dictionary is missing words in: "You were asked, "How might this work?""
Dictionary is missing words in: "You asked, "How might this work?" so I answered."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You asked, "How might this work?" so I gave an answer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You were asking, "How might this work?" so I answered."
Dictionary is missing words in: ""On second thought," he said, "this is it"."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He tells her, "Well, this is it.""
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mr. Johnson, who was working in his field that morning, said, "The alien spaceship appeared right before my own two eyes.""
Dictionary is missing words in: ""I didn't see an actual alien being," Mr. Johnson said, "but I sure wish I had.""
Dictionary is missing words in: "Although Mr. Johnson has seen odd happenings on the farm, he stated that the spaceship "certainly takes the cake" when it comes to unexplainable activity."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We ate so-called 'brain food' for lunch."
Finish compare of sentence 468/2978: "By the way, did you have some?"
Finish compare of sentence 469/2979: "By the way, does he drink?"
Finish compare of sentence 470/2980: "By the way, what happened?"
Finish compare of sentence 471/2981: "By the way, when did that happen?"
Finish compare of sentence 472/2982: "By the way, where did that happen?"
Finish compare of sentence 473/2983: "By the way, why did that happen?"
Finish compare of sentence 474/2984: "By the way, how was it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Since we are talking about it, how was it?"
Finish compare of sentence 475/2986: "As we are talking about it, how was it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Given we are talking about it, how was it?"
Finish compare of sentence 476/2988: "Now that you mention it, what happened?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "While we're on the topic, was it good?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Kenny sure is a bastard."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just thought you'd like to know."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was previously thought they were wrong."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's a good bet he did it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's a good bet that he did it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's a good thing he did it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's a good thing that he did it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We have to make sure that everyone is here."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We have to make sure everyone is here."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You should make clear that it's possible."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You should make clear it's possible."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She will think it an act of kindness."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She will think it to be an act of kindness."
Finish compare of sentence 477/3003: "She will think it true."
Finish compare of sentence 478/3004: "She will think it common."
Dictionary is missing words in: "an examination conducted when it happened revealed chicanery."
Dictionary is missing words in: "an examination when it happened revealed chicanery"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The year when I lived in England was wonderful"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Not everything looks grim."
Finish compare of sentence 479/3009: "Not all is lost."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'll introduce you to her, but you're on your own from there on."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They were assigned separate seats such that they had enough space."
Finish compare of sentence 480/3012: "That is something I did not know."
Finish compare of sentence 481/3013: "That I did not know!"
Finish compare of sentence 482/3014: "This I did not know!"
Finish compare of sentence 483/3015: "This, I did not know!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Some days, the trains run on time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Some of the time, I really  hate it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The rest of the time, we goof off."
Dictionary is missing words in: "part of the year, we goof off."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A lot of the time, it fumes like that."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Listen to me, she'll do it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Take my word, she'll do it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Trust me, she'll do it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "If nothing else, she'll do it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'm telling you, she'll do it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Didn't I tell you that she would do it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Like I said, she'll do it!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's like this, she'll do it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Dude, she'll do it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mark my words, she'll do it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "well, I'll say, she did it!"
Finish compare of sentence 484/3032: "Oh my God, she did it!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Can you believe it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "However, am I right?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Conversely, am I right?"
Finish compare of sentence 485/3036: "Well, am I right?"
Finish compare of sentence 486/3037: "So, am I right?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Really, am I right?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Anyhow, am I right?"
Finish compare of sentence 487/3040: "John, am I right?"
Finish compare of sentence 488/3041: "Now, am I right?"
Finish compare of sentence 489/3042: "Then, am I right?"
Finish compare of sentence 490/3043: "So then, am I right?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Say, am I right?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Seriously, am I right?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Seriously, then, am I right?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just asking, am I right?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Wondering, am I right?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "So I am wondering, am I right?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "So then I am wondering, am I right?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "So then, I am wondering, am I right?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "No, it wasn't John."
Dictionary is missing words in: "No, that isn't true."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Surely, that can't be right."
Dictionary is missing words in: "No, that can't be right."
Finish compare of sentence 491/3056: "Yes, that is right."
Finish compare of sentence 492/3057: "Yes, please do it again."
Finish compare of sentence 493/3058: "Yes, please, do it again."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yes, please, I'll have one."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yeah, go fuck yourself!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yeah, dude!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yeah dude!"
Finish compare of sentence 494/3063: "No, please stop."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Please, no, stop."
Finish compare of sentence 495/3065: "No, stop."
Finish compare of sentence 496/3066: "No, stop that."
Finish compare of sentence 497/3067: "No, don't do that."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Don't do that!"
Finish compare of sentence 498/3069: "No, do not do that."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Okay, don't do that."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Anyhow, don't."
Dictionary is missing words in: "In total, don't."
Finish compare of sentence 499/3073: "Yes, go."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Please, yes."
Finish compare of sentence 500/3075: "Thank you, no."
Finish compare of sentence 501/3076: "Yes, sir!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Go, dude, go!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Umm, I think he did it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That's what I think, yes."
Dictionary is missing words in: "On arrival, go to the check-in window."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Even so, just do it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Exactly, do it exactly like that."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Roughly, it is done like this."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Can't, I'm too busy."
Finish compare of sentence 502/3085: "No, please don't do that."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Okay, stop that."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Stop, please don't do that."
Finish compare of sentence 503/3088: "Sir, please don't do that."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Tsk tsk, you dog!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Tsk, tsk, you dog!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Tsk tsk, what a shame!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Tsk, tsk, what a shame!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "My, what a shame!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "My my, that was quite an outburst!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "My, my, that was quite an outburst!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "My, my, my, that was quite an outburst!"
Finish compare of sentence 504/3097: "Yes!"
Finish compare of sentence 505/3098: "No!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Amen!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sure."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Whatever."
Dictionary is missing words in: "OK."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Okay."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Can't."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Don't!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Don't touch that!"
Finish compare of sentence 506/3107: "Good."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Fair enough."
Finish compare of sentence 507/3109: "Good enough."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hush!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Shh!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Shhh!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Oh wow!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Jesus!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yikes!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Ouch!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Ouch, that hurt!"
Finish compare of sentence 508/3118: "Oh no!"
Finish compare of sentence 509/3119: "Oh, sure!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Oh, okay!"
Finish compare of sentence 510/3121: "My, my!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Dear Lord!"
Finish compare of sentence 511/3123: "Oh dear!"
Finish compare of sentence 512/3124: "Oh, my!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Jesus!"
Finish compare of sentence 513/3126: "John!"
Finish compare of sentence 514/3127: "Tom!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Dick!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Harry!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Praise the Lord, amen!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Praise the Lord God, amen!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Rock 'n' roll, dude!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sad!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "very sad!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Done!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Broken!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Lost!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Ruined!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Ruined! bawled Gambo uncontrollably."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Ma'am, please don't do that."
Finish compare of sentence 515/3141: "John, please don't do that."
Finish compare of sentence 516/3142: "Mary, stop."
Finish compare of sentence 517/3143: "Mary, can you do this for me?"
Finish compare of sentence 518/3144: "Mary, should I do this?"
Finish compare of sentence 519/3145: "Mary, would you do this for me?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary, won't you do it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary, mightn't you be right?"
Finish compare of sentence 520/3148: "John, do you think so, too?"
Finish compare of sentence 521/3149: "John, do you think it, too?"
Finish compare of sentence 522/3150: "John, do you believe it, too?"
Finish compare of sentence 523/3151: "John, do you believe so, too?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "John, doesn't that strike you as odd?"
Finish compare of sentence 524/3153: "John, have you thought about it?"
Finish compare of sentence 525/3154: "John, is it true?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "On arrival, can you do it?"
Finish compare of sentence 526/3156: "For now, can you do it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "On second thought, can you do it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yes, be alert!"
Finish compare of sentence 527/3159: "Yes, go play ball."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yes, go play soccer."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yes, go play tennis."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yes, go play piano."
Finish compare of sentence 528/3163: "John, go do it."
Finish compare of sentence 529/3164: "John, please go do it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John, let's go."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John, if that's true, then I don't know."
Finish compare of sentence 530/3167: "John, I am going to give this to you."
Finish compare of sentence 531/3168: "John, this is it!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "First, unbutton the button."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Next, pour wine on your shirt."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Finally, button the button."
Finish compare of sentence 532/3172: "And you can do it this way."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Or you can do it this way."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Or, you can do it this way."
Dictionary is missing words in: "But not everyone used it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "And not everyone agrees."
Finish compare of sentence 533/3177: "And they really loved me!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Also on this list is the Colossus of Rhodes."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Enough already!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Enough of that!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yeah, right."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Be a dear, take my luggage."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Be a good dear, take my luggage."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Be a good dear and take my luggage."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Be a darling, take my luggage."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The poor dears were so confused!"
Finish compare of sentence 534/3187: "you should, on second thought, go home"
Finish compare of sentence 535/3188: "you should instead go home"
Finish compare of sentence 536/3189: "It will, more often than not, go by train."
Dictionary is missing words in: "risks, as one could call them, are stupid."
Dictionary is missing words in: "risks, as one might name them, are stupid."
Dictionary is missing words in: "risks, as one might label them, are stupid."
Dictionary is missing words in: "risks, as one might label them stupidly, are mad."
Dictionary is missing words in: "risks, as one might say, are stupid."
Dictionary is missing words in: "risks, as one might argue, are stupid."
Dictionary is missing words in: "these, I guess, are precisely what you want"
Dictionary is missing words in: "these, I suppose, are precisely what you want"
Finish compare of sentence 537/3198: "The dog, she said, is wild."
Finish compare of sentence 538/3199: "The dog, she laughed, is wild."
Dictionary is missing words in: ""The dog", she laughed, "is wild"."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Heard that before?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just a coincidence?"
Finish compare of sentence 539/3203: "We are ready, for real this time, for sure."
Finish compare of sentence 540/3204: "We are ready, for real, this time, for sure."
Finish compare of sentence 541/3205: "We are ready, for real, this time for sure."
Finish compare of sentence 542/3206: "We are ready, this time for sure."
Finish compare of sentence 543/3207: "We are ready to move, for real this time, for sure."
Finish compare of sentence 544/3208: "We are ready to move, for real, this time, for sure."
Finish compare of sentence 545/3209: "We are ready to move, for real, this time for sure."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I've done that plenty of times"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I've done her plenty of times"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I've done that climb plenty of times"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I've done those climbs plenty of times"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I've done that chore plenty of times"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He's pulled that stunt plenty of times."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He's pulled that stunt many times."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I've hit that plenty of times"
Finish compare of sentence 546/3218: "I don't think so"
Finish compare of sentence 547/3219: "I don't believe so."
Finish compare of sentence 548/3220: "If you think so."
Finish compare of sentence 549/3221: "If you say so."
Finish compare of sentence 550/3222: "I told you so!"
Finish compare of sentence 551/3223: "But I don't agree."
Finish compare of sentence 552/3224: "Do you think so, too?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Because I said so!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Cuz I said so!"
Finish compare of sentence 553/3227: "Do it like so."
Finish compare of sentence 554/3228: "Do it like this."
Finish compare of sentence 555/3229: "It must be done exactly like so."
Finish compare of sentence 556/3230: "How could it be so?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "John left so I stayed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I stayed so I could see you."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He failed to appear, so we went on without him."
Dictionary is missing words in: "This is the easiest way to get there, so don't argue."
Finish compare of sentence 557/3235: "That is so not going to happen."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hold the brush so."
Finish compare of sentence 558/3237: "It seems so"
Finish compare of sentence 559/3238: "It seems not"
Finish compare of sentence 560/3239: "It appears so"
Finish compare of sentence 561/3240: "It appears not"
Finish compare of sentence 562/3241: "It appeared not."
Finish compare of sentence 563/3242: "It appeared not to be so."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Apparently so"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Apparently not"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Evidently so"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Evidently not"
Finish compare of sentence 564/3247: "So, don't do it!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "So don't argue"
Dictionary is missing words in: "So be unhappy"
Dictionary is missing words in: "So be unhappy, see if I care!"
Finish compare of sentence 565/3251: "So go home."
Finish compare of sentence 566/3252: "So be that way."
Dictionary is missing words in: "So stick it up yor ass."
Dictionary is missing words in: "So arrange it nicely."
Finish compare of sentence 567/3255: "So! You thought I would fail!"
Finish compare of sentence 568/3256: "So!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "so thinks all the world"
Dictionary is missing words in: "so thinks everyone"
Dictionary is missing words in: "yes, so thinks everyone"
Dictionary is missing words in: "everyone thinks so"
Dictionary is missing words in: "yes, everyone thinks so"
Dictionary is missing words in: "so believes everyone"
Dictionary is missing words in: "yes, so believes everyone"
Dictionary is missing words in: "so does everyone"
Dictionary is missing words in: "yes, so does everyone"
Finish compare of sentence 569/3266: "so it is!"
Finish compare of sentence 570/3267: "yes, so it is!"
Finish compare of sentence 571/3268: "yes, so it really is!"
Finish compare of sentence 572/3269: "so it does!"
Finish compare of sentence 573/3270: "Yes, so it does!"
Finish compare of sentence 574/3271: "why, yes, so it does!"
Finish compare of sentence 575/3272: "so it really does!"
Finish compare of sentence 576/3273: "so it really does appear to be!"
Finish compare of sentence 577/3274: "so it really does appear to be true!"
Finish compare of sentence 578/3275: "so it seems"
Finish compare of sentence 579/3276: "yes, so it seems"
Finish compare of sentence 580/3277: "so it appears"
Finish compare of sentence 581/3278: "yes, so it appears"
Finish compare of sentence 582/3279: "so it would seem"
Finish compare of sentence 583/3280: "so it would appear"
Finish compare of sentence 584/3281: "so seems it"
Finish compare of sentence 585/3282: "thus it would seem"
Finish compare of sentence 586/3283: "thus it would appear"
Finish compare of sentence 587/3284: "thus it appears"
Dictionary is missing words in: "thus it begins"
Dictionary is missing words in: "and so it begins"
Finish compare of sentence 588/3287: "and so it would seem"
Dictionary is missing words in: "and thus it begins"
Finish compare of sentence 589/3289: "and there she goes!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Do not be wise in your own estimation."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Do be wise in your choices."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Go play."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Go play ball!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "You and Rover go play fetch."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Fetch the ball."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Rover, fetch the ball."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Rover, give me the ball."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Go fetch the ball."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Play fetch with Elena."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Teach me fetch."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Teach me."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Teach me how."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Teach me how to do it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Walk tall."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Think quick."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Think quickly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Act fast."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Act smart."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Act dumb."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Act now."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Shout it out."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Shout loud."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Stand up straight."
Finish compare of sentence 590/3314: "there shall be an answer."
Finish compare of sentence 591/3315: "there shall come a time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "there shall verily come a time when man will be cleansed of his sins."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Make it bitter"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Make it sweet"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Make it good and sweet"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Make it stop"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Make it rain"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let it rain"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let it be"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Leave it alone"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Keep it real"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Keepin' it real"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Keeping it real"
Finish compare of sentence 592/3328: "Thank you for keeping it real"
Finish compare of sentence 593/3329: "Is this it?"
Finish compare of sentence 594/3330: "Is that it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Leave me alone"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Leave him alone"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Leave it alone"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Leave it!"
Finish compare of sentence 595/3335: "Do not touch!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hey, don't push!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Don't finger that!"
Finish compare of sentence 596/3338: "Do not do that!"
Finish compare of sentence 597/3339: "Do not open!"
Finish compare of sentence 598/3340: "Do not fail!"
Finish compare of sentence 599/3341: "To be continued"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Soon to be continued"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Apparently, to be continued."
Finish compare of sentence 600/3344: "To not be continued"
Finish compare of sentence 601/3345: "To not be continued, it seems."
Finish compare of sentence 602/3346: "Not to be continued, it seems."
Finish compare of sentence 603/3347: "That is not to be continued."
Finish compare of sentence 604/3348: "To be decided"
Finish compare of sentence 605/3349: "to be determined"
Finish compare of sentence 606/3350: "to be done later"
Dictionary is missing words in: "to be avoided"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Apparently."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Apparently so."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Perhaps."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Evidently."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Usually."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hey, of course!"
Finish compare of sentence 607/3358: "Why, of course!"
Finish compare of sentence 608/3359: "Why, of course it will!"
Finish compare of sentence 609/3360: "Why not?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Why the fuck not?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Why not, let's do it!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Why, let's do it!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Why, aren't you a dear?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Why, that dirty little bastard!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Why, you dirty little bastard!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Why, you dirty rotten fink!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "You bastard! she hissed."
Finish compare of sentence 610/3369: "You!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "You bastard, you!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "That asshole!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Over here!"
Finish compare of sentence 611/3373: "Come over here!"
Finish compare of sentence 612/3374: "John, over here!"
Finish compare of sentence 613/3375: "What did you see?"
Finish compare of sentence 614/3376: "A red car."
Finish compare of sentence 615/3377: "Who was in it?"
Finish compare of sentence 616/3378: "John."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John's evil twin."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The evil twin."
Finish compare of sentence 617/3381: "John and his brother."
Finish compare of sentence 618/3382: "John or his brother."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Neither John nor his brother."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Pope Pious XII."
Finish compare of sentence 619/3385: "When did this happen?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "June 10th."
Dictionary is missing words in: "June 10th, 1972."
Dictionary is missing words in: "What was in the trunk?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Some heroin."
Finish compare of sentence 620/3390: "A dead body."
Dictionary is missing words in: "A lot of sand."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Lots of sand."
Finish compare of sentence 621/3393: "How well could you see it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just barely."
Finish compare of sentence 622/3395: "How do you feel?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Exhausted."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Which way?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Which way did they go?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Which way, left or right?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Straight."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Which one?"
Finish compare of sentence 623/3402: "This."
Finish compare of sentence 624/3403: "This one."
Finish compare of sentence 625/3404: "That one."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Those."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Them there."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Both."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Both of them."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Either."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Either of them."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Neither."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Neither of them."
Finish compare of sentence 626/3413: "How many do you want?"
Finish compare of sentence 627/3414: "A lot."
Finish compare of sentence 628/3415: "A few."
Finish compare of sentence 629/3416: "A couple."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Some."
Finish compare of sentence 630/3418: "Not much."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Did you get what you wanted?"
Finish compare of sentence 631/3420: "Not enough."
Dictionary is missing words in: ""Is he married or single?""
Finish compare of sentence 632/3422: "A single man of large fortune; four or five thousand a year."
Finish compare of sentence 633/3423: "Is too."
Finish compare of sentence 634/3424: "Is not."
Finish compare of sentence 635/3425: "Is so."
Finish compare of sentence 636/3426: "Not."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Uh huh."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Unh unh."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Liar."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hello!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hello there!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hey there!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bye!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Goodbye!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "OK, bye!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "OK, then, bye!"
Finish compare of sentence 637/3437: "How are you doing?"
Finish compare of sentence 638/3438: "How are you?"
Finish compare of sentence 639/3439: "How do you do?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hello, Sue!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hello Sue!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hi, Sue!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hi Sue!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hey, Sue!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hey Sue!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hey there, Sue!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hey there, little doggie!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hey, little doggie!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Go home, little doggie!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Git along!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Stupid git!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I say, ahoy there!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I said, hello!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He greeted me with a loud hallo!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Ship ahoy!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Land ahoy!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yo dawg!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Whazzup!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Dude!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Duude!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yo mama!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "That ain't right!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Ain't you gonna go?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'm gonna go now."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I gonna go."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'm gonna do it"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'm really gonna do it"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I really gonna do it"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'm gonna hit you."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It looks like it ain't gonna rain today."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Y'gonna go?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I gotta go."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He said, "I gotta go now.""
Dictionary is missing words in: "I really gotta go."
Finish compare of sentence 640/3475: "You got to do it this way"
Dictionary is missing words in: "You gotta do it this way"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Y'got to do it this way"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Y'gotta do it this way"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'm tellin' yo, y'gotta do it this way"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Are y'gonna do it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Well, I've been tryin' to esplain it to ya"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Well, I been tryin' to esplain it to ya"
Dictionary is missing words in: "you'd best keep y'mouth shut"
Dictionary is missing words in: "think o' how y'gonna answer charges o' unlawful imprisonment an' aggravated assault"
Dictionary is missing words in: "think o' how y'gonna answer charges o' drugs runnin'"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Well, it just keeps startin' and stoppin'"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He's gettin' ink done."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Y'all come back now, y'hear?"
Finish compare of sentence 641/3489: "You leaving already?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "You leavin' already?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yo leavin' already?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Y'all ain't gonna tell me yo leavin' already?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Y'all ain't gonna leave me here, all alone?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "You aren't going to leave me here, all alone?"
Finish compare of sentence 642/3495: "Where you going?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Where you goin'?"
Finish compare of sentence 643/3497: "He was all alone, now."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was all alone and hungry, now."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Lordy, he sure does be handsome!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's him I do be thinking of."
Finish compare of sentence 644/3501: "He does be doing a lot of work at school."
Finish compare of sentence 645/3502: "He does be working every day."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They do be talking on their mobiles a lot."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Even when I do be round there with friends, I do be scared."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Did ye all go to see it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "None of youse have a clue!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Are ye not finished yet?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Where are yous going?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Get youse your homework done or you're no goin' out!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yisser looking well, so yis are."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Yessir mad, so ya are."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Face the north, east is at yisser right."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I've got yisser bags."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Christmas Day, well, everybody be so choked up over gifts and everything, they don't be too hungry"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He does be singing."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He does be always drinkin layarge bohhels down be de park boy"
Dictionary is missing words in: "oh, 'tis love, 'tis love that makes the world go round!"
Finish compare of sentence 646/3518: "I do not know why"
Finish compare of sentence 647/3519: "I do not know how"
Finish compare of sentence 648/3520: "I do not know when"
Finish compare of sentence 649/3521: "I do not know where"
Finish compare of sentence 650/3522: "I do not know which"
Finish compare of sentence 651/3523: "I do not know who"
Finish compare of sentence 652/3524: "I do not know why they did that"
Finish compare of sentence 653/3525: "I do not know how they did that"
Finish compare of sentence 654/3526: "I do not know when they did that"
Finish compare of sentence 655/3527: "I do not know where they went."
Finish compare of sentence 656/3528: "I really don't know why"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I did not know why until recently"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I did not know how until recently"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I did not know when until recently"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I did not know where until recently"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I did not know which until recently"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I did not know who until recently"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I did not ask why until recently"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I did not tell why until recently"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I did not say why until recently"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I did not assess why until recently"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I did not establish why until recently"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I did not figure out why until recently"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I did not find out why until recently"
Finish compare of sentence 657/3542: "What are your questions?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What are the aliases of Jim?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Why didn't you fucking say so?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Why didn't you just fucking say so?"
Finish compare of sentence 658/3546: "Who am I?"
Finish compare of sentence 659/3547: "Who are they?"
Finish compare of sentence 660/3548: "Who are you?"
Finish compare of sentence 661/3549: "Who are we?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Who are we to be so callous in his treatment?"
Finish compare of sentence 662/3551: "Who was he?"
Finish compare of sentence 663/3552: "Who was she?"
Finish compare of sentence 664/3553: "Who was that man?"
Finish compare of sentence 665/3554: "Who was that, man?"
Finish compare of sentence 666/3555: "Who were they?"
Finish compare of sentence 667/3556: "What is there to do?"
Finish compare of sentence 668/3557: "What are you going to do?"
Finish compare of sentence 669/3558: "Who wants to do it?"
Finish compare of sentence 670/3559: "Are you going to really do that?"
Finish compare of sentence 671/3560: "Are you going to really do it to them?"
Finish compare of sentence 672/3561: "He is going to do it."
Finish compare of sentence 673/3562: "He is going to not do it."
Finish compare of sentence 674/3563: "That will do."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Thief invades boathouse."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Burglars attack museum."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Thief empties pockets of all they hold."
Dictionary is missing words in: "7 month old female presents with chest congestion."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John, aged 80, is ill."
Dictionary is missing words in: "People ages 55 to 64 on average are out of work for more than 54 weeks, while those ages 25 to 34 are unemployed for about 36 weeks, according to figures from the Bureau of Labor Statistics."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Physical Volumes (LUN) allocated from SAN pool zoned to VIOS."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He's not the least bit interested."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let me tell you this: it stank."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Halloween is a great time of year."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Christmas is a great time of year."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Summer is a great time of year."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Stay pretty, die young."
Finish compare of sentence 675/3577: "I don't want to die young."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You will die young if you keep smoking."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You will die unhappy if you marry her."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Grant me this wish and I will die happy."
Finish compare of sentence 676/3581: "You will live long and happy."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They lived happily in that old house."
Finish compare of sentence 677/3583: "He didn't say."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She wouldn't tell anyone."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Stopping your bicycle requires using your brakes."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You should exercise to stay fit."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is as fit as a fiddle."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Watch out that you don't hit your head on the low beam."
Finish compare of sentence 678/3589: "All he gave was his first name."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Pete (all he gave was his first name) was still waiting."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There were no major Eurobond or foreign bond offerings Friday."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Messrs. Malson and Seelenfreund are directors."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The effects were less severe and less prolonged"
Finish compare of sentence 679/3594: "He didn't do it, but rather went home."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Bill may hide the truth, or distort it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John wants to pay for the beer, not steal it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is known to get frustrated and to become miserable."
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is miserable, absolutely miserable"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is ready to become miserable, absolutely miserable, at a moments notice"
Dictionary is missing words in: "And yet he should be always ready to have a perfectly terrible scene, whenever we want one, and to become miserable, absolutely miserable, at a moments notice"
Dictionary is missing words in: "All large burial places, or tombs, became known as mausoleums."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The music was soft and mellow."
Finish compare of sentence 680/3603: "She ran hot and cold."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The black and white cat sleeps."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was a long and narrow valley."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I don't care if the outcome is good or bad."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We examined the setting (urban vs. rural)."
Finish compare of sentence 681/3608: "The river is wide"
Finish compare of sentence 682/3609: "The river is wide here"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The river is a mile wide"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The river is a mile wide here"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The river is a mile wide and 300 feet deep"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The river is a mile wide here and 300 feet deep"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The river is helf a mile wide here and 300 feet deep"
Finish compare of sentence 683/3615: "The river is wide here, and deep, too."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Most of the 16th and 17th century leases included husbandry clauses."
Dictionary is missing words in: "she stood there, naked, under the water"
Dictionary is missing words in: "she stood there, naked and alone, in the twilight"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It tastes bitter, not sweet."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It tastes bitter, yet sweet."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It tastes bitter, and yet sweet."
Finish compare of sentence 684/3622: "I saw John, not Mary."
Finish compare of sentence 685/3623: "I saw John and not Mary."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Make love, not war."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is sour, but not too much."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Push harder, but not too much"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is stern, but not too much"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It hurts, but not very"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It hurts, but not very much"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It sounds false, and yet it's true."
Dictionary is missing words in: "This is neither hip nor groovy"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is neither happy nor healthy"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is neither very happy nor very healthy"
Dictionary is missing words in: "According to our records, he is in either the 105th or the 106th battalion"
Dictionary is missing words in: "According to our records, he is either in the 105th or the 106th battalion"
Dictionary is missing words in: "According to our records, he is either in the 105th or in the 106th battalion"
Dictionary is missing words in: "According to our records, he is in neither the 105th nor the 106th battalion"
Dictionary is missing words in: "According to our records, he is neither in the 105th or the 106th battalion"
Dictionary is missing words in: "According to our records, he is neither in the 105th nor in the 106th battalion"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mike was not first, nor was he last."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mike was not first nor was he last."
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is bigger and badder than the Pope."
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is bigger, and badder, than the Pope."
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is much bigger and badder than the Pope."
Dictionary is missing words in: "That is the easier but longer way of doing it"
Dictionary is missing words in: "That is the easier, but longer, way of doing it"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It will be harder and costlier than last time."
Dictionary is missing words in: "This car is lower and faster than theirs."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is smarter, yet snarkier, than the others"
Dictionary is missing words in: "This brandy is smoother and fuller than the rest"
Finish compare of sentence 686/3651: "He is different, and better, than the others."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will arrive sooner than you"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will arrive sooner than they"
Dictionary is missing words in: "They will arrive sooner than we."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It will be harder, and take much longer, than before"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is big and badder than the Pope."
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is smart and better than the rest."
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is clever and funnier than Mike."
Dictionary is missing words in: "This one is bigger, yet easier to carry"
Dictionary is missing words in: "This one is bigger and easier to carry"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will arrive sooner, yet more tired, than they."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will arrive sooner, yet more tired, than John."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We will arrive much later and more tired"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we will arrive refreshed and rejuvenated"
Dictionary is missing words in: "she wiped the table clean and dry"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we are going farther and farther down that path"
Dictionary is missing words in: "There will be fewer yet larger fish as a result."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There will be a lot fewer yet much larger fish as a result."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Faster and stronger, Gracie is expected to win"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he ran the longest and the farthest"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he ran the longest and farthest"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he ran the slowest but the farthest"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is less costly and lighter"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is lighter and less costly"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is good enough and lighter"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is cheaper and good enough"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is cheaper and less energy-intensive"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is cheaper and less energy-intensive to produce"
Finish compare of sentence 687/3679: "That is fine and well enough!"
Finish compare of sentence 688/3680: "That is fine and well enough, young man!"
Finish compare of sentence 689/3681: "That will more and more be the case"
Finish compare of sentence 690/3682: "That will less and less be the case"
Finish compare of sentence 691/3683: "That will more or less be the case"
Finish compare of sentence 692/3684: "That will be more and more the case"
Finish compare of sentence 693/3685: "That will be less and less the case"
Finish compare of sentence 694/3686: "That will be more or less the case"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is the biggest and baddest thug in town."
Dictionary is missing words in: "they are the biggest and baddest three thugs in town"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is the biggest and the baddest thug in town."
Dictionary is missing words in: "they are the biggest and the baddest three thugs in town"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is the third largest and the fifth richest county in the state"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is the hardest and worst problem on the list"
Finish compare of sentence 695/3693: "When and where is the party?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Exactly when and precisely where is the party?"
Finish compare of sentence 696/3695: "How and why did you do that?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Exactly how and precisely why did you do that?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Economists are nearly universal in their belief that the dollar is going to collapse; the only debate centers around when and for how long."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The only debate centers around when and for how long."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Many Democrats unhappy about the economy but doubtful that Clinton can be elected probably won't vote at all"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Many Democrats, unhappy about the economy but doubtful that Clinton can be elected, probably won't vote at all"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Many people, unaware of the deception and unfamiliar with the details, won't care."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Many people, unaware or unfamiliar with the details, won't care."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Many people, unaware of or unfamiliar with the details, won't care."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The director, responsible for development and accountable for engineering, resigned."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The director, responsible and accountable for engineering, resigned."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The car, prone to breakdown and expensive to maintain, was a white elephant."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The toy, expensive and fragile, broke immediately"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The river, ten meters wide and a meter deep, runs swiftly here."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The river, ten meters wide and a meter deep here, runs swiftly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The river, dangerous to navigate but important for commerce, has many shoals."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The dog, unlikely to bite but still threatening, scared the interloper away."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The dog, unlikely to bite but hard to ignore, scared the interloper away."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The platform, aflame and adrift on the ocean, soon sank."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The platform, aflame and adrift, soon sank."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The coverage on TV and on the radio has been terrible"
Dictionary is missing words in: "it is hidden somewhere in the yard or near the house."
Finish compare of sentence 697/3717: "He is either here or there."
Finish compare of sentence 698/3718: "He is neither here nor there."
Finish compare of sentence 699/3719: "He is either here or he is there."
Dictionary is missing words in: "By listening and by looking, we can safely cross the street."
Dictionary is missing words in: "By this means, and by the shortness of the leases, the Petres managed to keep an element of control"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The new building was started about 1540 on, or very near, the old site."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The prize is hidden in or near the playground."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The Easter eggs are hidden in and around the house."
Dictionary is missing words in: "inhibition either by chemicals or by hammering did it"
Dictionary is missing words in: "inhibition either by chemicals or hammering did it"
Dictionary is missing words in: "inhibition by chemicals or hammering did it"
Dictionary is missing words in: "inhibition by hammering or chemicals is possible"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is done either with chemicals or hammering"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is done either with hammering or chemicals"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is done either with chemicals or by hammering"
Dictionary is missing words in: "AKT inhibition either by chemical inhibitors or small interfering RNAs induced telomere dysfunction"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It holds a record of every word, written or spoken"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She handled it quickly and gracefully"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She handled it skillfully and with compassion"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She handled it quickly, quietly and gracefully"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I told him that I hated him and that I never wanted to see him again"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Although he likes me and he respects me, he says he needs some privacy"
Dictionary is missing words in: "That is the man for whom and with whom Joe works"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The dog and cat ran."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The dog and the cat ran."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The big dog and fat cat ran."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The dog, cat and mouse ran."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We took my dog and cat to the vet"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We took my heifer and John's cow to the fair"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We took my heifer and goat and John's cow to the fair"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Where is the sickle and hammer now?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "where did the hammer and sickle go?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "There is a dog and a cat here."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There is a dog or a cat here."
Dictionary is missing words in: "there are two dogs and a cat here."
Dictionary is missing words in: "the dog and cat run"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Cost and reliability were questioned."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The cost and reliability were questioned."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The mounting cost and reliability were questioned."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The mounting cost and faltering reliability were questioned."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The cost and lack of reliability were questioned"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The lack of reliability and cost were questioned"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The mounting debt and dearth of solutions have fueled the continuing crisis"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He wrote for piano and flute."
Dictionary is missing words in: "grip it between thumb and forefinger"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He enjoyed many rewards, such as free board and lodging at court."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John and Mike left the party."
Dictionary is missing words in: "actress Whoopi Goldberg and singer Michael Jackson attended the ceremony."
Finish compare of sentence 700/3765: "John and I are friends."
Finish compare of sentence 701/3766: "He and I are friends."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sims visited Golfe Juan, France, and Gaeta, Italy."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sims visited Gaeta, Italy, and Golfe Juan, France."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Are a dog and a cat here?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Is John or I invited?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Are John and I invited?"
Finish compare of sentence 702/3772: "I heard a car and a train."
Finish compare of sentence 703/3773: "I heard a car or a train."
Finish compare of sentence 704/3774: "I heard a car but not a train"
Finish compare of sentence 705/3775: "I heard a car nor a train"
Finish compare of sentence 706/3776: "I heard neither car nor train"
Finish compare of sentence 707/3777: "I heard neither a car nor a train"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I don't like dogs nor cats."
Dictionary is missing words in: "she was mortified by comparisons between her sisters' beauty and her own."
Dictionary is missing words in: "... her sisters' beauty and her own"
Finish compare of sentence 708/3781: "this one and the others got broken"
Dictionary is missing words in: "hers and ours were mashed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "yours and mine were damaged."
Finish compare of sentence 709/3784: "let me know about this one and any others"
Dictionary is missing words in: "these ones and those over there got mashed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "these and those over there got mashed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "these both and those over there got mashed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "these both got mashed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "both of those, and this one, got mashed"
Dictionary is missing words in: "You'll find it at the corner of Gee Ave. and First St."
Dictionary is missing words in: "You'll find it at the corner of Gee Ave. and 1st St."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let me introduce John Miller, AIA and Micheal Boost, Esq."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Please give me the swizzle-stick and the torque-wrench"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I've been to Delaware and Maryland"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Let me introduce you to my alter ego and nemesis"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I am a master of kung fu and sleight of hand"
Finish compare of sentence 710/3797: "The majority and a number of others agree"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was my insistence and reassurance that changed his mind"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was my insistence and my reassurance that changed his mind"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was my insistence and my reassurances that changed his mind"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It was my request and recommendations that changed his mind"
Finish compare of sentence 711/3802: "This is the time and place for it"
Finish compare of sentence 712/3803: "This is the right time and place for it"
Finish compare of sentence 713/3804: "This is neither the time nor the place for it"
Finish compare of sentence 714/3805: "This is neither the time nor the place for it"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Neither she nor I will go"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's either us or them"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is hers and mine."
Finish compare of sentence 715/3809: "you and it have to go"
Finish compare of sentence 716/3810: "We and they agree"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Neither we nor they will do it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Neither you nor I will ever agree"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Everything and everyone must leave"
Dictionary is missing words in: "neither yours nor mine got damaged"
Dictionary is missing words in: "this and the others were damaged"
Dictionary is missing words in: "this one and many others were damaged"
Dictionary is missing words in: "this one and all these were damaged"
Dictionary is missing words in: "this one and all of these were damaged"
Dictionary is missing words in: "this one and a few others were damaged"
Finish compare of sentence 717/3820: "There is little or none left"
Finish compare of sentence 718/3821: "There is very little or none left"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Some or all of it remains"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Some or most of it remains"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Part or all of it remains"
Dictionary is missing words in: "this one and the other were damaged"
Dictionary is missing words in: "this one and the rest were damaged"
Dictionary is missing words in: "this one and plenty of others were damaged"
Dictionary is missing words in: "this one and one other were damaged"
Dictionary is missing words in: "this one and another were damaged"
Dictionary is missing words in: "this one and another one were damaged"
Dictionary is missing words in: "this one and one more were damaged"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He talks of this and that"
Dictionary is missing words in: "someone or other would always complain"
Finish compare of sentence 719/3834: "I saw not Mary, but John."
Finish compare of sentence 720/3835: "I saw not Mary but John."
Dictionary is missing words in: "January and February are the coldest months"
Finish compare of sentence 721/3837: "I am working day and night"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It will happen in the weeks and months ahead"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we went asdfing and qrwerting"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The howzas and the ufdahs are broken again"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The Howzas and the Ufdahs are in revolt"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The halide and chloride ions do this"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the stator and rotor collided"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The dog and the cat I saw were black"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I think John and Dave ran."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Sue, a teacher and scholar, is here."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Neither Mary nor Louise are coming to the party"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Neither Mary Kate nor Louise Anne are coming to the party"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Neither Mary, Joe nor Louise are coming to the party"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Either Mary or Louise will come."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Neither I nor John will come."
Finish compare of sentence 722/3852: "neither I nor my friend knows what happened"
Finish compare of sentence 723/3853: "neither I nor my friend know what happened"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Either Mary or my friend know what happened"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Either Mary or my friend knows what happened"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Either I or my friend knows what happened"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Either I or my friend know what happened"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Neither snow nor rain stays these couriers"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Neither snow nor rain nor heat stays these couriers"
Dictionary is missing words in: "gloom of night and heat will not stop me"
Dictionary is missing words in: "heat and gloom of night will not stop me"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds"
Dictionary is missing words in: "There is neither a dog nor a cat here"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Give me six or seven of those."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Just give me six or seven."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'm only going to have one or two beers."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It starts one or two hours later."
Finish compare of sentence 724/3868: "He is tired but happy."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary, but not Louise, is coming to the party"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mary Kate, but not Louise Anne, is coming to the party"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The plan caused not prosperity but ruin"
Finish compare of sentence 725/3872: "Not John, but Mary led the way"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She organized her work but accomplished very little"
Dictionary is missing words in: "No one but she saw the prowler."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He would have joined the band but he couldn't spare the time"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The brothers would have resisted but that they lacked courage."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It never rains but it pours."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There is no doubt but right will prevail."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There never is a tax law presented but someone will oppose it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Ten to one but the police have got them"
Dictionary is missing words in: "They had no sooner arrived but they turned around and left."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He tried and failed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He tried but failed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He tried but failed to acheive his goal."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Oscar Peterson played piano and wrote music."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Oscar banged drums and tinkled piano"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Oscar really banged drums and righteously tinkled piano"
Dictionary is missing words in: "They banged drums and tinkled piano"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Oscar bangs drums and tinkles piano"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Oscar bangs drums and tinkled piano"
Dictionary is missing words in: "They bang drums and tinkled piano"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He seems shallow and appears idiotic."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He seemed shallow and appeared idiotic."
Finish compare of sentence 726/3894: "I did it and feel good about it."
Finish compare of sentence 727/3895: "He did do it and felt good about it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He takes cookies and eats them."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He took cookies and ate them."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He bothered and pestered her."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He annoyed and bothered her."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I idolized and idealized the man."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I grimaced and idolized the man."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I saw and greeted Sue."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He shrank and withdrew from the crowd"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The boat lurched forward and sank"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She will blush and start blathering at the mention of his name"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She will blush and begin blathering at the mention of his name"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The water rises and falls with the tides"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Do not surprise or alarm him"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I went to the store and got a gallon of milk"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I am going to the store and will get a gallon of milk"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I went to the store and returned the eggs"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I went to the store, got a gallon of milk, and returned the eggs"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We ate popcorn and watched movies on TV for three days."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She arrived and left on Tuesday."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He broke off a piece of bagel and gave it to me."
Finish compare of sentence 728/3916: "He broke off a piece and gave it to me."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He breaks off a piece and gives it to me."
Finish compare of sentence 729/3918: "He broke off a piece and has given it to me."
Finish compare of sentence 730/3919: "He had broken off a piece and had given it to me."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is breaking off a piece and will give it to me"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is breaking off a piece and should give it to me"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is breaking off a piece and would give it to me if I asked."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is breaking off a piece and ought to give it to me if I asked."
Finish compare of sentence 731/3924: "He ought to break off a piece and give it to me"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We hoped for the best, but were disappointed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We hoped for the best and were disappointed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He obtained the lease of the manor of Great Burstead Grange (near East Horndon) from the Abbey of Stratford Langthorne, and purchased the manor of Bayhouse in West Thurrock."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He rose rapidly in the royal service and was knighted."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He rose rapidly in the royal service and, in 1543, was knighted."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was sent abroad and resided on the continent, chiefly in France, for more than four years."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John describes and analyzes literature."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Chief describes and analyzes the character of the families in a village, remarking that they all act completely the same."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They advised us to avoid sunlight and to limit the consumption of fish."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I am expecting this sentence to parse correctly, and to yield a very wide diagram."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I aim to do something and also to help."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I aim to do something and to help."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I aim to help and also to do something."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I aim to do something and not to complain"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I aim to do something and not complain"
Dictionary is missing words in: "they might supplement or replace anticoagulants"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Those findings might help to develop new classes of drugs which may supplement or replace classical anticoagulants and help clinicians to tackle CVD more efficiently."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He cannot change the beliefs of popular society as a whole."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He can not change the beliefs of popular society as a whole."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He can't change the beliefs of popular society as a whole."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He can challenge John, but cannot change the outcome."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He can challenge John, but can't change the outcome."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He realizes that he and McMurphy can challenge Big Nurse, but cannot change the beliefs of popular society as a whole."
Dictionary is missing words in: "... to look at and listen to everything."
Finish compare of sentence 732/3949: "he wanted to look at and listen to everything."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Shel Silverstein once said that he wanted to look at and listen to everything."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Shel Silverstein once said that he wanted to go everywhere, look at and listen to everything."
Finish compare of sentence 733/3952: "This is not the man we know and love."
Finish compare of sentence 734/3953: "This is not the man we knew and loved."
Dictionary is missing words in: "This is a problem Moscow created and avoided"
Dictionary is missing words in: "This is a problem Moscow created but avoided fixing"
Dictionary is missing words in: "This is a problem Moscow created and failed to solve."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I need to find a Hong Kong engineer who knows Java and Python and worked at Oracle and went to Stanford and is a VP"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He knows Powerpoint and Excel and attended George Washington University"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show me my notes from today and send them to my friends."
Dictionary is missing words in: "By the way, show me my notes from today and send them to my friends."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show me my notes and be nice about it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show me my notes and have a great day!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Fuck off and have a great day, dipshit!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Fuck off and have a great day, asshole!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show me my notes and do not tell anyone."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show me my notes but do not tell anyone."
Finish compare of sentence 735/3967: "By the way, show me my notes but do not tell anyone."
Finish compare of sentence 736/3968: "Do not tell anyone or say anything."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show me my notes, if they are readable."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show me my notes only if they are readable."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show me my notes, but only if they are readable."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show me my notes, but not if they are unreadable."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show me my notes from today, but not from yesterday."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show me my notes from today but not from yesterday."
Finish compare of sentence 737/3975: "If this is true, then do that."
Finish compare of sentence 738/3976: "Do it only if you are sure."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Only if they are home, should you do it."
Finish compare of sentence 739/3978: "You should do it only if they are home."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Theorem A is true if and only if Nachbin's theorem is true."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Theorem A is true iff theorem B is true."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I gave Bob a doll and Mary a gun."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I found Bob a doll and Mary a gun for Chirstmas"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I got Bob a doll and Mary a gun for Chirstmas"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I offered Bob a doll and Mary a gun as an apology"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I refused Bob a raise and Mary a vacation"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I owe Bob some money and Mary a favor"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I called Bob a jerk and Mary a dork"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I painted the living room red and the bedroom green"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I wrote her a love song and him a hate letter"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I taught these mice to freeze, and those mice to jump."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I taught these mice to freeze, and those to jump."
Dictionary is missing words in: "the water had risen and fallen with the tides"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he had lain, and soon forgotten his vow"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we          ate popcorn or  watched movies"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we either   ate popcorn or  watched movies"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we neither  ate popcorn nor watched movies"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we both     ate popcorn and watched movies"
Dictionary is missing words in: "we not only ate popcorn but watched movies"
Dictionary is missing words in: "We neither ate nor drank for three days"
Finish compare of sentence 740/4000: "we neither saw nor heard what happened"
Finish compare of sentence 741/4001: "she didn't do that, nor did John"
Finish compare of sentence 742/4002: "I don't want that, nor do you"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The problem is, or rather one of the problems, for there are many, a sizeable proportion of which are continually clogging up the civil, commercial, and criminal courts in all areas of the Galaxy, and especially, where possible, the more corrupt ones, this."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The problem is, or rather one of the problems, this."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The problem, or rather one of the problems, is this."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The problem, or rather, one of the problems, is this."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The problem, or rather, one of the problems, ..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The problems are clogging up the courts, and, where possible, the corrupt ones"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The problems are clogging up the courts, and, wherever possible, the corrupt ones"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The problem, or more exactly, one of the problems, is this."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The problem, or more precisely, one of the problems, is this."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The EU Services Directive: law or simply policy?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Would these critics have accepted this or, instead, would they have condemned the US?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Would these critics have accepted this or would they have condemned the US?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Would they have accepted this or, instead, would they have ...?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It is thus imperative that assistance be provided through a variety of channels, in addition to, or instead of, the IMF, including ..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He has three jobs: counting, measuring and listing."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There are 10 kinds of people: those who understand binary, and those who don't."
Dictionary is missing words in: "you should not only ask for your money back, but demand it"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The deal includes not only junk, but also crap."
Finish compare of sentence 743/4021: "If there was only more left!"
Finish compare of sentence 744/4022: "If there were only more!"
Finish compare of sentence 745/4023: "If there were only more like you!"
Finish compare of sentence 746/4024: "If only there was more left!"
Finish compare of sentence 747/4025: "If only there were more!"
Finish compare of sentence 748/4026: "If only there was more!"
Finish compare of sentence 749/4027: "wait, there is more!"
Finish compare of sentence 750/4028: "wait, there are more!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "If paid weekly, bring the last six pay stubs."
Dictionary is missing words in: "If paid weekly, then bring six stubs."
Dictionary is missing words in: "If it is broken, then remove it."
Dictionary is missing words in: "If broken, then remove."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Check the lid; if cracked, then replace."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Check the valve, replace if cracked."
Dictionary is missing words in: "If it is raining, stay inside!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "If you bought after the crash, you won."
Dictionary is missing words in: "If you sold before the peak, you got lucky"
Dictionary is missing words in: "If you telegraphed after Sunday, I'd already left."
Dictionary is missing words in: "if that's true, then I don't know."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Show me my notes, if they are readable."
Dictionary is missing words in: "If they are readable, show me my notes."
Dictionary is missing words in: "if it weren't for Joe, it would work."
Dictionary is missing words in: "if it were not for Joe, it would work."
Dictionary is missing words in: "If it weren't for the Democratic Party, health care reform would have passed."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Someone is outside who wants to see you."
Dictionary is missing words in: "If it weren't for Joe, ..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "If it weren't for Joe, "
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is more intelligent than ..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "until yesterday ..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "... a ballroom polished like a skull"
Dictionary is missing words in: "... polished like a skull"
Dictionary is missing words in: "... like a skull"
Dictionary is missing words in: "... gleamed like dogs' eyes in a car's headlights"
Dictionary is missing words in: "... shine as a sack of apples"
Dictionary is missing words in: "... shines, like a bracelet shaken in a dance"
Dictionary is missing words in: "... how those two should work together"
Dictionary is missing words in: "... the 60's."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I need to find someone who ..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I need to find someone who..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is such a ..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I will ..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I will..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'll ..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I'll..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Maybe it works now..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He said that ... and that ..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Although he said ... and he did ..., ..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "either ... or ..."
Dictionary is missing words in: "neither ... nor ... one will do"
Finish compare of sentence 751/4070: "neither this nor that one will do"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I did not ... what you said."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Should I attempt to call you, or you me?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What is a motor, and how does it work?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "What is a motor; how does it work?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Who invented sliced bread, and when did they do it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Who invented sliced bread; when did they do it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Who, if not I, should defend you against such slanders ?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Who, if not Micheal, will provide for your care?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Who shall accomplish this, if not you?"
Finish compare of sentence 752/4080: "What, if not this, is worth it?"
Finish compare of sentence 753/4081: "when, if not now, do you want to do it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "when, if not tomorrow, do you want to do it?"
Finish compare of sentence 754/4083: "when, if not next week, do you want to do it?"
Finish compare of sentence 755/4084: "when do you want to do it, if not next week?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "when, if not next Tuesday, do you want to do it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "if not next Tuesday, when do you want to do it?"
Dictionary is missing words in: "if not next Tuesday, then when do you want to do it?"
Finish compare of sentence 756/4088: "why, and not whether, is the question"
Finish compare of sentence 757/4089: "why, and not how, is the question"
Finish compare of sentence 758/4090: "when, but not how, will be decided."
Finish compare of sentence 759/4091: "how, but not when, was decided."
Finish compare of sentence 760/4092: "how, yet not when, was decided."
Dictionary is missing words in: "how, and apparently when, was decided."
Dictionary is missing words in: "the time, but not the cause, was established"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the time, and not the cause, was established"
Dictionary is missing words in: "the time, yet not the cause, was established"
Dictionary is missing words in: "They play billiards, yet not snooker"
Dictionary is missing words in: "These are the snippers and those are the cutters."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Grant me this wish and I will die happy."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Tell me what to do and I will show him"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The brothers would have resisted but that they lacked courage"
Dictionary is missing words in: "It never rains but it pours."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They had no sooner arrived but they turned around and left."
Finish compare of sentence 761/4104: "I eat then sleep"
Finish compare of sentence 762/4105: "I eat, then sleep"
Finish compare of sentence 763/4106: "I eat then I sleep"
Finish compare of sentence 764/4107: "I eat, so I sleep"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is fast, just not a good swimmer"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is fast, but not a good swimmer"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is fast but not a good swimmer"
Dictionary is missing words in: "he is fast but just not a good swimmer"
Dictionary is missing words in: "just not a good swimmer, he fell behind"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I like to get my knitting done whilst watching the telly."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Logorrhea, or excessive and often incoherent talkativeness or wordiness, is a social disease."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is flighty and given to fanciful thoughts"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is thoughtful, and not given to many words"
Dictionary is missing words in: "William Petre is described as smooth and obliging in manner, yet reserved and resolved, and not given to many words."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He rose rapidly in the royal service and, in 1543, was knighted"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was twice summoned before the Privy Council, first for a violent assault on Sir John Conway, then, ten years later, for fraud."
Dictionary is missing words in: "From his youth he must have been a capable, pushing, insinuating man."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They feel a "normal" person conforms to, and becomes imperceptible in, society."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Grant me this wish and I will die happy."
Finish compare of sentence 765/4123: "What did you tell her and what did she say"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He talked to Steve and, apparently, Fred"
Dictionary is missing words in: "I cannot discern any reason, other than some sort of historical blindness, for why the "fat link" mechanism was created."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John; my advisor, Steve; and several other people are coming"
Dictionary is missing words in: "No one but she saw the prowler."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Whenever he comes, she goes, and v.v."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The market fell 156.83, or 8%, a week after Black Monday."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mike finished in first place, and John in third."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Mike finished in first place, and John in last."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Senator Johnson introduced a bill on the 12th of July."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Senator Johnson introduced a bill of July."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It starts one to two hours later."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It starts one or two hours later."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The teacher's shouting startled the student."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Flumblqwerty's shoes are red."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Run's shoes are red."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Ran's shoes are red."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Asdf's philosophy was to build and sell"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Hooker's philosophy was to build and sell"
Dictionary is missing words in: "John's remark was awkward."
Dictionary is missing words in: "John's sudden outburst was awkward."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Lady's dress was awkward."
Dictionary is missing words in: "We are from the planet Gorpon."
Dictionary is missing words in: "whilst a good worker, he's not a very good manager"
Dictionary is missing words in: "although a good worker, he's not a very good manager"
Dictionary is missing words in: "though a good worker, he's not a very good manager"
Dictionary is missing words in: "hardly a good worker, he's a poor choice"
Dictionary is missing words in: "hardly even a good worker, he's a poor choice"
Dictionary is missing words in: "not even a good worker, he's a poor choice"
Dictionary is missing words in: "never a good worker, he sank to new levels of laziness"
Dictionary is missing words in: "ever the good worker, he strove to promote efficiency"
Dictionary is missing words in: "never a good runner, he fell behind"
Dictionary is missing words in: "not a good runner, he fell behind"
Dictionary is missing words in: "not very smart, he fell behind"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was a girl just about John's age"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was a girl of about John's age"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was a girl nearly John's age"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was a girl almost John's age"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was a girl of nearly John's age"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was a girl of almost John's age"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was a girl almost John's age, or older."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was John's age, or older"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was John's height, or taller"
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was a girl of about Breeze's own age, or perhaps older."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was a girl of about John's own age, or perhaps older."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was a girl of almost John's own age, or perhaps older."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was a girl of almost John's age, or maybe older."
Dictionary is missing words in: "She was John's age or maybe older"
Dictionary is missing words in: "God was active among people of other traditions than my own."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Jane was gratified, though in a quieter way"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Jane was gratified, although in a quieter way"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Jane applauded, but less exuberantly"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Jane applauded, yet less exuberantly"
Finish compare of sentence 766/4176: "Jane replied, even more quietly"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Jane was soaked, almost as thoroughly"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Jane stared, nearly in a state of shock"
Dictionary is missing words in: "Jane stared, seemingly in a state of shock"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is nothing less than inspired!"
Finish compare of sentence 767/4181: "He is less than bright!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "That is a less than optimal plan"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is more than capable!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "He is more than qualified!"
Dictionary is missing words in: "they report less earnings than before"
Dictionary is missing words in: "they report less robust earnings than before"
Dictionary is missing words in: "they report less robust earnings than previously"
Dictionary is missing words in: "they report less robust earnings than they did previously"
Dictionary is missing words in: "They report much less robust earnings than they did earlier."
Dictionary is missing words in: "They report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter."
Finish compare of sentence 768/4191: "It takes longer than that."
Finish compare of sentence 769/4192: "It takes more than that."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The crossing takes longer than Washington thought it would."
Dictionary is missing words in: "This allows companies to realize revenues quicker."
Dictionary is missing words in: "This allows companies to realize revenues faster."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The pig runs slower than the cat."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The better the computer, the faster the program."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The bigger they are, the harder they fall."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Florida is the balmier of the two."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Emma was the younger of two daughters."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's same as the other one."
Dictionary is missing words in: "It's the same as the other one."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Amens hair is same as Bens."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Amens hair is the same as Bens."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The defenses have proved more formidable than was anticipated."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The defenses have proven more formidable than was expected."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The defenses were designed more formidably than was suggested."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The defenses were designed more formidably than was expected."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The earnings were lowered more strongly than was suggested."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The rates were lowered more than suggested."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The bolt was tightened more than was recommended."
Dictionary is missing words in: "The bolt was tightened more than recommended."
Dictionary is missing words in: "we should not forget the innocent people that was put in jail."
Finish compare of sentence 770/4214: "you all had better get to going."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There's more where that came from."
Dictionary is missing words in: "There's plenty more where that came from."
Finish compare of sentence 771/4217: "they took there ball back"
Finish compare of sentence 772/4218: "than we left"
Dictionary is missing words in: "until than, I wasn't sure."
Finish compare of sentence 773/4220: "I eat than I sleep."
Finish compare of sentence 774/4221: "I eat then I sleep."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I beleive you are right"
Finish compare of sentence 775/4223: "neither this or that one will do"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The coffee tastes the same as it did last year."
Dictionary is missing words in: "he earns as much as was expected"
Dictionary is missing words in: "You are as sweet as sugar."
Dictionary is missing words in: "He was so foolish as to lie."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Ridiculous as it seems, the tale is true."
Dictionary is missing words in: "If you love Mr. Darcy half as well as I do my dear Wickham, you must be very happy."
Dictionary is missing words in: "I slipped on the ice as I ran home."
Finish compare of sentence 776/4231: "I don't know as I can answer your question."
Dictionary is missing words in: "Although society has excluded the patients in the ward for their unique qualities, they feel 'safer' trying to fit in because they receive approval from nurses and the representatives of society."
Dictionary is missing words in: "92 Chapter 10............................................................................................................................................."
Dictionary is missing words in: "vibeix here"
Dictionary is missing words in: "This is a TEST"
Dictionary is missing words in: "The remarks--made off the cuff--were wrong."
Examined 4236 sentences; 3460 had words not in dictionary (81.681 %).
Finished comparing 776 parses; 745 parsed differently (96.005 %).
Found 4901 word instances, vocab= 591 words; expect to find 4360 links
Dictionary was missing 3406 words
Found 2 length-miscompares
Found 7 word-miscompares
Found 2654 words w/linkage diffs; 2238 missing and 699 extra links
Link precision=0.7522 recall=0.4867 F1=0.5910

Missing link-type counts: ((RW . 553) (MV . 207) (S . 204) (O . 203) (X . 186) (I . 127) (D . 122) (J . 120) (P . 100) (SI . 85) (E . 83) (SJ . 71) (B . 63) (CV . 61) (W . 46) (M . 44) (C . 40) (VJ . 38) (R . 32) (WV . 30) (Q . 29) (CO . 28) (IV . 21) (EA . 19) (EB . 18) (V . 16) (PF . 16) (ND . 13) (TO . 13) (NI . 12) (VC . 12) (N . 12) (AJ . 12) (A . 11) (PP . 10) (EL . 10) (K . 10) (SXI . 9) (MJ . 8) (OF . 8) (XJ . 7) (IDCHY . 7) (DD . 7) (EP . 6) (H . 6) (QI . 6) (SF . 5) (MX . 5) (DT . 5) (EE . 5) (Y . 4) (AA . 4) (HA . 4) (IDBRH . 3) (QJ . 3) (NM . 3) (BI . 3) (EF . 3) (IDBRT . 2) (NN . 2) (EN . 2) (SX . 2) (L . 2) (TH . 2) (WR . 2) (FM . 2) (G . 2) (AF . 2) (BW . 2) (EC . 1) (IDBWG . 1) (IDBWH . 1) (IDBWE . 1) (IDBWF . 1) (IDBWI . 1) (IDBWJ . 1) (IDBTF . 1) (NS . 1) (IDBIS . 1) (NT . 1) (IDBOE . 1) (IDCGU . 1) (IDCGV . 1) (IDCGW . 1) (IDCHB . 1) (IDCHC . 1) (IDCHE . 1) (IDCCN . 1) (IDCDA . 1) (IDCCX . 1) (IDQE . 1) (IDBYC . 1) (IDBOC . 1) (IDBNZ . 1) (IDBUG . 1) (YP . 1) (IDBVJ . 1) (EZ . 1) (IDUR . 1) (BT . 1) (IDBIP . 1) (IDCHJ . 1) (IDBVI . 1) (JT . 1) (Z . 1) (IDV . 1) (IDQG . 1) (IDQC . 1) (AL . 1) (PH . 1) (IDPY . 1) (IDNA . 1) (IDBTZ . 1) (SFI . 1) (RS . 1))

Missing words: (`Okay oh-one sisters sawing whit Immune growth subsystem splitters ] sandwiches Labor helium pillory test," damaged Pry sexism cheaper anticoagulants r/c bullet Rockefeller strain assault Open Show w/o impassive avoid 'brain truck Morgan A/C attending aren't pretense He's conforms express y'mouth ideas XII Privy discern creek inner resolved shins snorted dawg excessive Burglars 354 gallon gumshoe movie rotor hard-coding dance Yo jerk bohhels squished DNA  catch delivered ocean gelled storm apology defenses acts evenly goddamn 8.31 sushi battery eggshell doggie who'd fiddle oat motor Drink Clinton inspired differ ale someone bulls 1984 item Ave ended supplement directors brandy Can hike Wondering sensed tall double-check damn 7:30AM vein forefinger selection argue husbandry Straight Johns eggs smooth noon insistence runner drip knighted Candidus lectures mailman Harry lira abrupt gusted fish remarks--made signalled maryjane 1/60 accomplished ahead Dover blonde teach stronger tailgated well-known Ufdahs wonderful tides excluded smelling baked sour opines MPH keys Also Miami gap putting Lots dove Lud wild" sixteen obvious cactus stupid Shem incorrect shoals lose banking tub partway emphatic drab divulge charmingly stubs comparisons Approximately dished parser shirt me!" Brinell calm freeze corrects watt Bill Boost whenever invades w/ eighteen marginally surmises likes devilishly frustrated anger genetically ladling unbearably reclining decree telly algebraic shouted laziness airborne there's mononuclear aloofness Blue shined unsatisfied  approval confessed gets subroutine fiat hardest threefold reform sex" recovered mission Michael Sex labor Call prices upstairs regiment displeased sport numbers Hold wart tokenizing skied recommended coughed disrespect repeated development 'safer Code female US$ Features delivers Japheth shoots knave firing navigate birthplace painted screamin boo chickens knocked undersigned painting Get Would cheated dramatically revolt water-fountain dearth assess unprepared sunny stumbled runnin literature advance Joe Y'got tightened deice dysfunction lucky spurred coincidence pleny movies pinch paced rarebit advised tailgates element illicit urban dawn levels it" hound ^m^ Chevy Just "I behavior records ufdahs Ran's Jill guessed 1972 clauses Yesterday tens cutting profits Sally ate must-see concentration interfering hunting Korea finely 561 num Stratford tilt scrolled announced undefeated customer commonly busy 36 472 expensive risen acetylene thugs Finn tested messenger 10............................................................................................................................................. average owe 13.1 badder collapsed Politely Fair laps older conversations 2mm advanced president 101st introduce method ego '57 tombs upped bite tunneling treaty Texas Espresso Horeses notable 24gauge pours inherently yis rapids courtesy currency We've ill-suited state-wide talkativeness believes '50s Which baseball impatiently 'tis polite sharply doll dog" petition worker yen imagination blind unlawful jail fuller theory yours radio glittered whoever agrees Listen blame combed acquiescing lousy segment Hawaii unflinchingly asteroid HTLV-I frolic previously endothelial Endothelial Ante birthday airs heroin Goldberg Roselyn western Close engineer chimed lack uprighted Stay Done 442 43rd Under tailor Secretary list What's umbilical suspect lamp wine onlookers variety bedroom gonzo slipped Pious hundreds slowest 2000 Everyone Start Internet dirt radically Columba's acted enjoyed destroyed Bob gifted Trust loser joules Could stocked sunburns yous slavers defend retain Grange Several 450MW collided climbs alcohol genes pestered 1988 wordiness balmier impunity wooden suffocation ft.lbs beer Senator Seelenfreund Messrs Pacific frustrating habit joined commentary inlining "Well require emperor companies Easter Movement gotta luck cuff--were 200sq.ft couriers Fetch cab arrange shrubbery scratched leakage constant con foot-pounds Wehrmacht McMurphy Shares 1990 established review urged twilight adopt Keep = slew Ship offerings loot propose obnoxious senseless clearing letting Waterfowl tom-tom applauded Christmas jammed tea biking marine shower!" honesty w/that policeman vacant violence egg pour topple stretches that's faded moves sc Dick She's Fugnuts v/v examined Computers Hi dared pick nitrate wouldn't vol/vol burnt maintain spanning lake kung filmed .... Push Maybeline jump taste mountaintop Gilles hell proclaimed lamb immaterial Go Antarctic queued declaration created driven "Is grabbed down-vote fat Sherlock flexed prize outburst steel squirmed counting pat quart single?" managed sad liked maybe liar store Cowboys Bingley theorem unchallenged ablaze 55 cover Lake questionable ours bolt Broken ceiling blah bidden swung anticipated independent Atlantic ages sigma Pope tank Soviet vacuum yummy Western preventing valve computer Kong assistance Canvas alien tend > farthest Dave Today flawed active cutest largest souped-up shuffled bearing cheese thought," interested so-called suspected Boeing VII brewing "whom" auditory "Do Town Darcy angry competition boss banana bathroom brow Information ticking barks pudding swiftly 40 Spo0A~P Syndicated bid amends climb tokenize steal tightening plate startled cacti uses repaired unstamped Biking buttered reef loves scared mpg Sophy undisputably Zero prays fuck longed bucket Democratic kilo Proposal deception swift fence favoritism Advertising holds continent cutlass deserve MBA worried tri-nitro listing eerie almond plant Mommy skips intent factor dozing boozed car's recipe spare parses 12th deserves Cyc 1957 statesman Seriously stoppage season that" 2nd motive shooting Gulf watched Rover infinity structural tends tinkles volts Here's They're Above rpm February waved crime unlinks singing slime concrete slurped chemical hungry compassion cliff Its male Socialist parameters Whoopi Abbey hay passel reek crow arranged finding corrections deliver crudity arrows inked blathering namely smidgin However bone authoritative fun tells pizza chopsticks yisser December Because Ben bugging Since weakened displacement "Oh world-wide odd  generates Yeah drawings virtually threatening plans virus 16th waitress jailed clothing Pronounced jumped color shouting reckon eaten yds El spiraled harlot rooms master's to!" police sand Flash errors uncountable blow "is groovy riverbank Joseph comma Jackson backup 123 career I've hidden grimaced snarkier outcome advisor T-antigen vote doubtful ridiculous 1999 enquired unit bikini features There's breaking daycare At balance lounged pressed starts drinking tensile Paint solar disputed smarter you'll burial breakdown resides insubordinate Senator's roam ions hissed smoother brilliant irritating bowl Sea Let kDa included lighter 1993 provisions fifty-five squealed hat landed mobile January racing retire laughter These optimal hen-house Calvin's notoriously test?" Voter tiger Questionable snorkel Make anguish supplements exon tapes kindness unseen acrylic hard-code stopping Apply vastly quieter economy hated Peterson downhill shine anaesthetic Shut Lady's load link" dogs extracted upright planes apples that!" dense county parse Federated shiny kids rained hard-coded sell : On asleep plays millenium rewards Territory July metal unlikely fu estimated isometric y'gotta Think incoherent ahoy Most liquid stoppin stayed leftmost range magazine lonely speed Bacteria insinuating marry 35 envision Services dial Steve intelligent OK'd gram check-out willed falls "In reassurances viz shoot hello chicks cement membrane % greens conducted fantasies barked broadening shame handled badly easiest roll Thurrock team quarter-ounce you're tastes angled deed Water liters rants avow alert Once shrank cheap wishes wire goin confines ... fifteenth statements incomparably purseful mistaken worked sailing 50ft wiped Cognitive It's incompetent rapidly wrapped immeasurable map Fox unh dimes Phosphorylation funny crux safely marimba elected complex Kenny stays seventeenth ankle appointment knob Moscow belongs grace lecture okay quicker EDT obviously He'll ink shrill oddly "How untold shocking blush results he'd insane occasionally capable greeted bade drums squeaked disability geese "certainly shines activities slammed cursory uncontrollably decisions June twentieth sorely ;- fifties a/c typical apply ark knee artifact diagram crushed leg eats rises can't targets @^^ embarrassed molten soup Bye Assembly Step stones consumption cake they've wherever barf bop samples prosperity People victorious Before Stupid rigger kissed VI tight stared Use hoop sins imperative feels 3-Amino-3-azabicyclo[3.3.0]octane taller Italy buy rates mold corralled pumpkin Right phone 'bout Her lumber reserve Angelina Hypothesis bears Registration Miller / strike fading halide crazy judgment build wave tomorrow envious promote Bureau unchained Healthcare whited suggest 50mV hydroplaned push swizzle-stick Copelatus proceedings proceed growing fixes cavalry sold Philharmonic teacher smelter oranges Emma vow acheive Islands hallway" fishing essential begged haven't Xanadu US nice plus attended shock cardiovascular Langthorne nibbled alpha volunteered disappointed addressed fixing sublet seconds Gee itchy "blah ferrite shoe skin-diving Nachbin's fanciful hero smoke twin server-side abstract needs mama "normal" stern gell bike coding describes Shh 1234-567A Peace wanting  ignorance Lost allows uhh mostly begun exemplary 9:30AM Volumes tended dollars boot bleeding Marywent illness AKT T-cells River foolish notably quantities flounder million Symmetry" untrainable wedged had." --- measuring crossing mounting Something skein gypsies rain Cover  NaCl deputy punching Praise crash hallo chore None choose lynchpin solid ameliorate Colossus mechanism hammering silly reasoned vacation Liar site hide accustomed 984 weed assured now." smart intermittently scorched 4.2 solution Please vibeix thumb model allied Much examination cancer suppress qualified 0.06 interloper transcription hung role flock daily DFL One ceremony i/o seats cares w/milk 472mL/s factors shed impliedly monkey quarts danced  suit fault < metre dozen ruled Like plotting compete Orkney mAh Dear Joan efficiency gun vast "On overextend git drugs bitter Our being," Kate TV thoroughly beans bejesus Century Noah expecting zoty appointed revealed multiply Y'all "This bites painter opera picosecond espresso readable champ Aleph soccer Both rug flew crap brothers prisoners finish prevail governed sprained drunk 12ft commemorated HVAC That's incredibly argument Mersal foresaw let's lies talks detected Cheaper Python artillery parsing isn't jitter pulled CST Similar startin tonight ruins stock 105th sitcom toy Walk gonna stunningly ragged raced biked Oslo ambled oh-five remarking texture adieu Someone composition unaware frame current millisecond 300 sharp listening douchebag screamed Halloween architecture basin diving unenhancing diamond captured From Face thinning fiasco temple violent actual popular mix yfhP Issues raising awful coach invited befell Although homework I'd flare Oven Iona incident social covers Conclusion dozed 10:30AM collected recommendations we're salad unacceptably donut drachma Khovanov bawled Answer ha taught project traditions toasts nuclear Juan tittle bicycle According uncontrolled Hello unusual rural meters Shades biscuit clinicians Surely myosin aging-associated frowned grammar cats wasn't bragged favorite dipshit today fearfully wentshopping Germany oppose parents Ford CVD midnight Bayhouse cracked nm pancake summoned roses inappropriate abused upwards sail Ken reserved strove cable portrayed Fat sank stat winced Petre 90 allocated lean affect smells reduced energy-intensive grams P1 equals imperceptible seventy temperature doesn't planning critics you'd sharp-witted rejuvenated flighty pride vision shopping transport Kahn TNT hardened Union beware elbow w/batteries unfamiliar Orange Anyhow  disobey begins talent win vindicated howzas morphine b/c two-tenths hadn't petting darn vase everybody dreadfully mausoleums gaudiness tinkled Egypt nipped pulse 3rd solve pie type chain rarely Be helps Take discovers Mexico linear whence oatcake revenues lift Mideast separate check-in apparatus sworn probability continue jobs nowhere Should beam lilies scroll transit loud sing transferred Where's exposed keeps 34 bled mellow happening ravings fetch Finally figures interfere 0.34 head!" demonstrated drinks murmured weekly snorkelling Gabriel it's hire aged unnoticed precedent IMF clutched chiefly MFA mobiles analyzes limit realizes knight Golfe clue whomever whiting pennies funnier cost screwed Beside  dentist subgraph hurts Cordius amen trains Keeping sadness candidate theirs resting refused Perhaps horning 9:18PM tokenized continually Ouch Delaware telomere Long hurt fled dirty invented policy toast percent cigar gratified robbed hitting innocent cleverness Equatorial design ma'am talked nightly Thou Jolly crazes omelet shakes Okay torque-wrench OK'ed Dude 1860's Arizona manga views Let's homily sneezed singer "What's overexcite beach trail Jesus filed dealing Sure 7grams signifies completion Stand 19th yards iff Wine drove Yessir seventies cage Gaeta Ocean problems Trotter Albert regular watermelon people's purchased Micheal unto tipped execution trunk measured unprotected enjoy twins ft/s wool Faster teens Sunglasses hydrochloride Dry meowed "in tent accused Quantum idiotic prosperous structures abstruse using presuming verily distort aging passionately solo whilst Friday roaring gouache batteries angered yard halfway harder moments ^^ Whenever requirement Maybe cow 21st forgot classes delirium loose mastiff biggest stare bread photographing rumour division Ain't peak accomplish block swimsuit gluttonous depart asdfing PhD Bainite Either samba program crop Amens replace director w/i concluded elephant reads requirements Chapter p.m LUN P2 Roughly overseas callous helped Gorpon 1781 cloud multiply!" flu shit herd seemingly Chicago lens scholar assumed clowned plainly hip flying tsk solutions deposit aggressiveness boasted "but collapse spoon atthe pearl We'll Cincinatti poots historically kayaking sang faster Shel 123A beers "Let I/O locked 2400 Global unsuspecting sin corrupt survivors chicken prone jet reactor drill homologous fuss Monday [ activity humans remark aflame naked revolution idealized dumb Watch correlates royal 1mm An sleight adjusted telegraphed undeniably ward extends becomes Fuck Evidently bangs utterly confirmed maneuver exuberantly 9:18 hides nailed drain weighs meter code Them ya reassurance handy jerked "Off failure Far asserts idolized drooping faced Press metres walking aircraft rent drinkin Board dude richer function baddest moisture rests Maryland presents aunt patients champagne hit 50's soil choices treasure mashed bastard sooner olds directed chances detergent Enough band Tsk Thunderclap oh wick slower gloom feared bald 62 greener asshole senators proven half-a-pound vs Rock deadlocks efficiently acidity carrot picked cookies lowball "Don't 106th unwashed gosh AIA largely mL/s kayaked SAN Question Spies I'll rejected crucible 200ft 1975 bore blindness blade gently 945 "Let's no!" slow lodging huff soprano sofa Java crooner gained smashing Washington statement dome bell 54 it?" snooker Land Nurse yo flute EU X hangs Hire philosophy 'n miner's Shoal politicized Goodbye speeches strongest mistake post-operative gobs lounge privacy Silverstein grim polished firsts Mark undaunted cleansed responsible everywhere final goodnight develop Leave yesterday track risk shoes "Mirror Whazzup righteously mud sugar attached stammered questioned inflammation Run's 7lbs argued piping poured jumper Ancient wife's Wickham nemesis coldest heating toughness costlier Hooker's inch Channel mL major imprudence shredded whyever designed Very false presumed Alice slain Sims photographer pockets Camino Cost knitting blew Those sermon Island alarm differential Thither leavin fruit slept grey unbutton emphasize screwdriver jogging VP refer yelp canoe fueled Armenian kilometers balls wads area Gracie sweetened smashed costly trading Off issue beleive strangely normal 650s vibe Hori Gallagher creating 1945 total Block fuelled protested Z crying fumes insanely Give Railroad imagines inning insignificant stunt sunlight guy y'gonna booed cups omega wondering attitude olive Yisser Stephen approaching Ridiculous unexploded tax-cut aggravated predictor pushing 1st Eurobond pidgin earnings Malson miserable Ann thestore extended aching EMEA Herbert bomb Statistics thy limbs directives Y'gonna played flights bet Or Some streak popcorn Uh Don't gyration clogging China 17th seventeen Only scary regularly Forestry Tourette prisoner's sickle envelope Umm failed equivariant liquified circuit Teach centers drowning rabbit bankroll expanse annoyed claim Florida prevented 'cause risks me?" lbs universal election ladle polishing shalt Neither complain pooped she'll youse Asia it." credit ride request sublime explosion Two-Shoes pretending Physical finger shoppingat After perform everyone dominated Y'gotta pathogenesis pig introduced suck escaped security recollect junk jarred hammer 5%(w/v secretary hits Johnson approaches RNAs epimorphism breaded farewell clever adroitness hanging slid pound saved altogether hopeful :) posed crude "Okay Economists nurse Uttered swagger tennis to." chemicals tackle huh coins count go!" whereabouts engineering Santa resigned While ye bought Below 2.66 flat raining Summer dismissed grow assets landlord goal Creek confused poverty courage Late-onset Sue planet sore desires androcentric--that Afghan deadlocking tiptoe leases Next Burstead foreign sounds muffin pathetic Logorrhea hinted wow 539 drop Nearby sequence Beneath civil prayed Southern mortified surfing Larry go-ahead armament longest disclose avoided outrage favor happenings lurched excuse imagined nail roped raise cowbell math creep calmness nicely "The representatives instructor Bank thinks handsome bracelet induced rosette topology bores beat damage  frail Tell he's marched exploded farther battalion ). work?" shares ironed mile chocolate Amen Lord's daughters farm anaesthesia faltering beckoned dangerous Leta shaken valley protect Along R/C unreadable Smith vowed defined grated demanded Lordy nineteenth drum inhibition swam remodelled reeks cat "Are cowboy washed Usually valid clock "fat mastery Exon Kennedy findings tons realize Stanford Hush decanted involuntary blah." Breeze's goats alter co-star carrier areas playground beliefs wash driving counter hardy nearby families ceramic - clicked issues Aerobic Ash thirty-first ad-libbed Flight 1PM boyfriend titanium label neighbours abruptly 1540 gerE earns moderately ladles 92 suggestions male-dominated--concepts 1914 chosen puts yor earlier hardness Gallagher's Chirstmas unbelievably Did commands produce sq 123ABC Miles 747 furniture gas San 80 jillions delayed unfettered healthy easier Apparently coffee disease unshaven lunch witch 60 Big TEST headlights contain ft dresses Horndon sheep Theorem equilibrium pint piano happens nineteen imprisonment pleases clean empty coded behaving Kids defeated sleeping Hey ft About accountable effects Git rains assigned market exhausted blows stavropolitanus Chief shake precisely treatment achieved neighbors cubic Over genius umber booze Conglomerates fried ...that handed prolonged inquired script sounded visited heifer Flumblqwerty's located Duude ranked channels oodles windows "Under unarguably ballroom eighty-one sobbed panache emerged soaked uplink declines trembling explosives rampant cotD commercial bothered needn't mad fort Impact ladled You'll apartment Earl continuity cad 150 blinded childish muscle lowered 3-amino-3-azabicyclo[3,3,0]octane barely changes Oracle declare actions microsecond misconduct recently beep prose simian bond mustache telling formidably Egyptian ordered voters We're charges 1920's rice surged includes happily crisis Directive regret bed" beetle fire-engine gleamed helf fifth suspects extraordinary inches duties posted Act watching missing Stopping Exxon resounding joking elsewhere deep-fry Cardiovascular National swimmer VIOS cup covenant demand improper regretted cu respects 200 adventuresome Plan courts uninterrupted cohomology won't Gambo Greece resided marking pull billions Part hypotheses actress Check Somewhere Hatem fewer needing Said Lakes kicked wrung o'clock dollar detriment shepherds elements zillions requires Shhh stick bye ferry chicanery choked 1cm nurses beta infected amazingly crucial reigns skull 914 riot severe Central whither terribly PM 64 accepted manager thoughtful contains 20th radiant cake" manor idiot OK Out shop relatively Excel stands cautious 'til cc's fundamentally froze neighborhood firmly Stop refreshed fink cleaned torque 1234-567 Was cutters male-dominatedconcepts AU judged Many sex Arkansas decline Bids competitors Einstein's vet touched bill Frank inability duration 10th pushed drank tool empties Howzas challenge apparently Does oversell event y'hear flight platform sits Mohamed fragile fashionably spend barriers write-off honors Reds zeroed welcome mixture stalked rounds Really 1950's correct pot dick 60's Anne peripheral pool apple 1000 Bring joint wit ridiculously gifts exertion abroad billiards Exploration assume Nixon Elena lease waxed-paper hardcoding francs schmooze unarmed ragging rem infernally dates cranked 1989-90 lap Nothing remove zoned  eyes." commerce 156.83 Exhausted song correctly Rogers MA widely stride dears button related decide bulb 47 10AM dork parsnip posts zero plenty haste fucking robust slunk couldn't lime commanded stupidly response Muttered =D engine reddened qrwerting reliability museum toluene price recover completely withdrew shortness 1543 sailed rod With Didn't verified belief gettin That'll rusted prawn insurance worst feed 45 poorly Into breaks performance snort grandson hate depressing Unh  asking crowned pesos clothes Say criminal sandy kneel nuke fraud grade continuing contracts tryin platter Thief sliced emphatically gurgle bubble thug exceptionally Powerpoint Fred bus protein halted intron oystershell fly switch Conway yam sleeps spaceship Sunday genuinely park spoonful ain't 12C unemployed arrive bigger voted claimed unclear boring test binary brush hers Hit abrB inert grew glittering teacher's sung trusting personam unhappy Everything thief bitch fabulously thunderclap wavered fury congestion Ten aliases rated worded unique wacked contiguity v.v msec gotten bleep asset blue" rough-housing won shout wears dictionary needle Sweat envy topic pulmonary Rhodes unseeing 10nm coverage 747-400 somewhere aim weren't Ma'am threat boathouse chloride haircut tale convenient lid swum pee sentence vitamin panicked heckled cat's flour reasons lacked Heard "go goat drive  Sad dudes moving hesitate contradict 1550s abundance shining dropped amplifier Hotchkiss Grant bags students unfreeze hypertension stepped compromise k hind record check re-examine gaggle Yikes Goody snippers debt strongly aging-related rumours mouse inept excrutiatingly Have unpleased student ranch Cuz mightn't stator androcentricthat formidable 4.72 sack layarge resisted splat untarnished obliging showed Keepin isomorphism ethanol Can't Add Uruguay rotten quince lions 2lbs swim Esq Gault "who" darling warts Given unimaginably legislation crackers restaurant untouched edible Persia MeV towel bottleneck Mere scilicet tax Problem crisp  swept coarse beaten Petres Whatever player establish quiche horn paranoia Kim inhibitors offshore handful bark Soon Republic complained smoking predictions unhinged 12mV rattled m professing kilograms wary Wednesday rude scandal Hong gift paint awkward squirrel job yelled proof brake consists organized atrociously Pete experiments awake Play Onward c/o 500 bluish unbroken twice Kubla cash spliced jumbo world's local avocado pulses beckoning cracks experienced slanders gracefully rang Sur undressed loudly God's runs luggage crystal disapproved breadcrumbs frozen smelt caused missed ripe abundant tumbled bottle Mike preceded whine poses overhead sizeable  Bens emerald 8- Gosh sandwich Exactly abrasive ok cells adrift prefers  grip stately rules represents Vitamin estimation Shout ass volunteers acute swear Even kiss hypogonadism Tuesday sprint goodbye mice spake Conversely groans brakes tonnes boundlessly indicator richest Juvenile dull "this productive acting plane splitter bang troubles 31st plywood stank proceeds John's unexplainable forth!" draw distinguish MPG geological prowler skillfully qualities milk ignore Playboy calls winner fulfill classical pm bucks meow Kentaro affecting installed banged October syndrome unwanted antenna Obama farce core "the Louise praise bundles goof j summit units -- ruin Johnny glanced age-related homology infantry Galaxy respectively Nearly voltage tellin condemned Here Party plumber cookie lain yield Preliminary bar pop-stand debate completed shade sitcoms presume conceded esplain Undersea Oscar sailboat missish hamburger up?" eyelids Elvis shallow convince adjusts pier breed Democrats center Asdf's  mare chum metabolism exercise Down bagel Vatican historical drifted anybody details wired dodged Precisely Ruined guitar leaf)

Finished verifying dictionary "micro-fuzz" with sentences from "corpus-fixes.batch"
